Suboxone has completely turned my life around.  I feel healthier, I 'm excelling at my job and I always have money in my pocket and my savings account.  I had none of those before Suboxone and spent years abusing oxycontin.  My paycheck was already spent by the time I got it and I started resorting to scheming and stealing to fund my addiction.  All that is history.  If you 're ready to stop, there 's a good chance that suboxone will put you on the path of great life again.  I have found the side-effects to be minimal compared to oxycontin.  I 'm actually sleeping better.   Slight constipation is about it for me.  It truly is amazing. The cost pales in comparison to what I spent on oxycontin.
Abilify changed my life. There is hope. I was on Zoloft and Clonidine when I first started Abilify at the age of 15.. Zoloft for depression and Clondine to manage my complete rage. My moods were out of control. I was depressed and hopeless one second and then mean, irrational, and full of rage the next. My Dr. prescribed me 2mg of Abilify and from that point on I feel like I have been cured though I know I 'm not.. Bi-polar disorder is a constant battle. I know Abilify works for me because I have tried to get off it and lost complete control over my emotions. Went back on it and I was golden again.  I am on 5mg 2x daily. I am now 21 and better than I have ever been in the past. Only side effect is I like to eat a lot.
I have been on this medication almost two weeks, started out on 25mg and working my way up to 100mg, currently at 50mg. No headaches at all so far and I was having 2-3 crippling migraines a week. I have lost 5.2lbs so far but note I am really paying close attention to what I am eating, I have a lot of weight to lose and if weight loss is a side effect I want to help it along as much as I can.  Now, other side effects, they are there the word recall issues exist, the memory issues, the worst of it seems to be the vision disturbances, there have been times I have just not driven because I 'm sure it would not have been safe. The good news is it seems to be wearing off...I have tons of energy and I am in a great mood.
I have taken anti-depressants for years, with some improvement but mostly moderate to severe side affects, which makes me go off them.I only take Cymbalta now mostly for pain.When I began Deplin, I noticed a major improvement overnight. More energy, better disposition, and no sinking to the low lows of major depression. I have been taking it for about 3 months now and feel like a normal person for the first time ever. Best thing, no side effects.
I have been taking Saxenda since July 2016.  I had severe nausea for about a month once I got up to the 2.6 dosage.  It has since subsided and the only side effect I notice now is the dry mouth.  I make sure to drink  2.5 litres of water a day (about 10 glasses).  This helps with the weight loss as well as the constipation.  I have been reducing my dose to find a comfortable spot where I am still losing weight but don 't feel like I am over medicating.  For me, 1.8 is working very well.  I also feel wearing a Fitbit has really helped.  I can track my food, water, exercise and steps - it keeps me moving more.  When this started I could barely walk the length of myself without getting winded - I have lost 58 lbs so far.
This drug worked very well for me and cleared up my UTI in a matter of 48hrs, although I was on a 7 day course of 2x200mg/daily. Unfortunately once the tablets finished the infection returned so needed a 2nd course. I 'm currently taking a low dose at evening to keep the infection at bay while the specialists do some tests.  I normally get every side effect going and dread taking new medication in any form especially after an horrific experience with Ciorofloxacin but the only side effect I experienced with this was itchy ankles and feet on day two but that didn 't last into third day so I would class this as a minor side effect and insignificant. Good luck.
I 've been taking amitriptyline since January 2013 after being diagnosed with fibromyalgia. I tried cymbalta for a week and my Dr decided that since it kept me awake 24/7 that it wasn 't a good fit for me even though it relieved my pain. I started with 25 mg. After 2 weeks I had some breakthrough pain, so my Dr increased my dosage to 50mg and I 'm still on that dosage today. For the first full year I was on this I never had pain and felt  'cured '. As time went on, it seems to help control my pain. I do still have pain, but at a low manageable level. I take this around 7pm each evening to avoid feeling overly drowsy in the mornings. This med allows me to have a fairly normal life.
I 've been on every medicine under the sun (it seems) to manage the hypomania / mania of Bipolar2. Within a few days of starting Lamictal (was on Tegretol) it was as if someone had turned a light on in my head. Is this the way &quot;normal&quot; people think? was one of the first things that struck me. I sleep like a log, have no irritability, almost no anger (other than what would be considered normal). I am able to focus and my creative, impulsive thoughts have decreased enough to be manageable. It 's a God send as I would perennially be in a state of hypo mania, which sounds great, but I was physically and emotionally exhausted. My libido is markedly lower but I wonder if that is perhaps an effect of not being hypo manic. I take 20 mg for anxiety.
I have been on Tasigna for just over 3 years now (300mg x 2 times a day) Tasigna worked for me within a few weeks I have been in remission for basically the entire 3 years. As for the side effects, I feel sick to my stomach, tired,  severe leg and arm pain, I can 't walk to long without needing a break, I went from working full time to not working at all because I am so tired all the time.... but hey I am in remission and alive so is all the above really a problem? Nope
I have insomnia, it 's horrible. My story begins with my PCP prescribing me Prozac to help with intestinal issues, because I was desperate I tried it, I was on it for 3 weeks. Stopped because of insomnia. Then I was prescribed Ativan, it out me out, but was very addicting. I had rebound insomnia. Then after about 14 days I hardly any sleep l tried the doctor one more time. I asked him about Trazadone. He told me that was a good medication for insomnia. He put me on 25 mgs, but stated I may have to figure out what dosage is best for me. I am currently taking 100 mgs, which is on the low range of what is prescribed, 400 mgs being at the high end for insomnia. I have the dry mouth and nasel congestion. I can live with that, I sleep now, yeah...
Nexplanon does its job. I can have worry free sex. The only thing is that my periods are sometimes light and sometimes heavy. Sometimes they go away and sometimes they show up unexpected. I also feel somewhat depressed. Not sure if its Nexplanon or not. I 've had Nexplanont for about 2 months now, but despite the side effects its the most effective birth control I 've ever used and I do not plan on taking it out.
I live in Western Australia and disturbed by some comments on here. The cost of Embrel is cost of an ordinary prescription $36 for me the government pays the remainder of the cost to the chemist. I also go to the the medical centre every Saturday morning a Dr looks over my prescription and then he advises the nurse to administer the injection also no cost to myself and this is part of nurses duties. I am unsure of the country where people who have made comments referring to cost and that nobody is there to  administer the injection for them. I am very lucky to live in Australia as we have the best health system worldwide and everybody is  given the opportunity to receive proper medical help whether you are rich or poor there is no discrimination.
I 'm writing a second review on Vaniqa.  I started using this in February this year. Twice a day although some days/times I do forget. I just want to say how delighted I am to have found this. It has totally and completely changed my life! I had terrible male pattern hair growth all over my cheeks, chin, upper and lower lip and starting to grow down my neck. I used to pluck for up to 2 hrs a time every 3rd day but was never hair free. I wouldn 't kiss anyone hello or goodbye as even plucked the stubble could be felt under my skin. 3 months on im not scared of being caught in bright sunlight I pluck around once a fortnight and it takes around 10 mins. The hairs that are coming through are soft and downy. My life is transformed.
Hi all, My son who is 12 was diagnosed when he was in 2nd grade. We tried everything before medication. When we tried meds, the first one made him loose weight, fast. The second gave him a nasty tic that thankfully went away as soon as he stopped the med, the third worked for a couple of years and around January of last year we started to have problems so his doctor recommended Daytrana. It has been wonderful for my son! Easy to use, he handles this for himself each day and takes it off when he gets home from school. The patch effects last long enough for him to do his homework. He does have issues with weight gain and sleep but he uses melatonin before bed if he feels like he will not be able to shut down. The shortage is KILLING us!
Very good response. It is so useful for me. 
I am 30 years old. I had a multiple composite spinal injuries 15 years ago. The aches and pains unbearable. I started taking anti-inflammatories about 2 years ago. I started getting injections every month of Toradol and &quot;Depo&quot; something. I am almost off all pain meds I mean I still have bad days but I can function again.
Reduced my pain by 80% and lets me live a normal life again!
I had a similar experience.  Tremors in hands (not really noticeable to someone watching unless they were looking for it), but relief from the delusions I was experiencing. My problem has been going on for over 16 years so I anticipate it will not magically disappear (and it didn 't) but the clarity of thinking I experience with this medicine really helps me.
This medication changed my life.  My panic attacks were so out of control I was barely able to leave the house.  Within 2 days, a moderate does of this changed me into a new person.  That was 15 years ago.  My dosage has never changed.
At initial testing my VL was over 6 million. I received my meds on saturday 2 days prior to testing to establish a baseline. I started when I received my pills. 2 days and 5 hours later I got my blood test to establish VL, I had taken 3 pills at this point and my VL was under 700.  VL @ 4 weeks was 0 . VL @ 8 weeks was 0 and @ 12 weeks was 0 .  2 weeks til my 1st EOT test. I feel cured. My side effects were next to nothing.
Side effects are light- fatigue and a bit of a headache. I did find it easier to take it an hour after dinner.  WAY better then the triple-threat approach.  My blood work does indicate that I am in the beggining stages of cirrhosis. I also had Hep B in 1994. So far, it 's like a miracle.  Other than the fatigue (which is nothing if you 've suffered Jaundice or the  'Sickie ' symptoms that Hep C can cause), it 's business as usual.
Hey Guys,  It 's been 4 months since my last post as I wanted to give it a few months to see how this was going to work.  So, I have been on Trulicity for six months now with Metformin.  When I hit the five month period the diarrhea, gas, sulphur belching finally subsided.  I now longer have any of those side effects.  However, I still haven 't lost any weight at all, but I think that was because when I first started Trulicity I was taking it with Glimepiride and that one has a side effect of weight gain so I think the two meds were fighting each other lol.  I have been back on the Metformin with Trulicity for about a week now, so we will see what this does.  I was diagnosed as  stage 3 chronic kidney disease (CKD 3) so I am watching diet closely.
Abilify 20 mg.I am a patient diagnosed with disorganized schizophrenia, depression,  schizoaffective disorder, bipolar.  I have experienced a sensitivity to my emotions, as well as how I react to my feelings.  I really don 't feel out of the normal with any &quot;sexual frustration&quot;...and I wouldn 't say this has increased/decreased.  I feel less anxious on the medication, and seemingly more at ease with myself when I take this medication.  It is a hard step to have people telling you that you actually do better on this pill, when half your life ago, you didn 't have &quot;mental illness&quot;, and suddenly you become someone else.   My weight did fluxuate when on this drug.  But I feel it was due to stress factors outside of a regular environment.  I feel if you place yourself in good surroundings and support you do much better at being the person you are here to be.  I am so much happier in life with a routine.  I feel like I only referred to enlongated periods of sleep because of depression, and events surrounding certain time frames hence thoughts, and reactions.Abilify (aripiprazole) My instant reaction from this drug is concern for my well-being.  I am nervous because I am one of the people taking this drug till the stars fade, every day to my last.  My doctors all seem to say the same thing, and that is, &quot;This medication is working for you&quot;.  I do blood tests when I go into the Hospital freqently, and they are not finding anything off the charts and everything is always normal with my vitals. My thought is, how do they consider this medication works for me?  Because I am not showing side effects?  Because I am accepting?  I feel I have to hold patience, my own value, what I care about around me to help better myself mentally and my virtue.  I feel that I am just not the type of person to curbside answers to things we wonder deeply about, I guess.  I don 't know if there are any people who would agree then that I should ask if there are any women who have taken abilify during a pregnancy?  Just wondering what the reaction is...  Is my question?  I am a 30 year old female diagnosed with Mental Illness starting in 2004.  I started to take Abilify 20 mg. in 2004 to present.  Overall, since this medication has not been threatening to me, I feel I should embrace it.
Love this, no mouth sores, or ulcers like Wellbutrin gave me. I COMPLETELY QUIT SMOKING...this works.
I love my Butrans patch!!! And it has relieved more than half of my pain, and I know this because I only have to take less than half of my pain killers now that I am on the patch! I change my patch every Saturday, but if I miss 24 hours my pain starts to reside again. If you are not a heavy drinker I would advise trying this patch!!!
I took the Prepopik for my first colonoscopy (I 'm 25) and I found it to be very effective. The orange flavor was very tolerable. I had no bad cramps or terrible side effects with it, but I had taken magnesium citrate the night before and that had already cleaned me out somewhat. My only issue was I ended up so dehydrated that I showed up to my colonoscopy with a fever. Try to drink as much fluid as you can with this prep! I drank plenty, but there was more liquid coming out of me than going in. Overall, I would recommend the Prepopik. On a side note, my insurance didn 't cover it, but the office I go to had it available. I recommend asking your office if they have it available if insurance won 't cover it at the pharmacy.
I just hit my three month point on tretinoin .05% and I 'm so happy. I was really  depressed about my skin during the first two months because I 've never had bad acne and the cream made me have horrible acne. But I knew that was the worst part of it and after that was over I would be fine. I 've inly had two zits since then and I 'm only left with scars which is fine. Try it out even if you 're scared because I was too and I 'm so glad i did. It 's worth it!
This medicine saved my life. I was at my wits end with anti-depressants and was ready to give up. My doctor finally prescribed me this after many failed medications, I am so glad she did. I honestly do not know where I would be without Effexor XR. Side effects were very mild compared to other anti-depressants I tried. I was drowsy for the first couple days, but it was tolerable. I highly recommend this for severe depression. I would also like to mention for people to realize there is light at the end of the tunnel and YOU WILL GET BETTER, and to never give up.
Best treatment for acne I have used! I 've gone through accutane, many face washes, retinol creams, and other forms of birth control. Some other forms of birth control just make acne worse, depending on the type of progestin in it. You need the least androgenic type possible, and sprintec has worked the best for me! Nearly clear skin. Takes about 5-6 months to fully work, but it does work.
I started taking Zepatier three days ago! No sides effects till now! I would like to share only this that I feel a slight pain in the back of the head. That 's all for now! I 'll keep my fingers crossed till I finish in 12 weeks! :)Update: Now, I 've finish my 3rd week of the treatment! No sides effects, even my blood test is brilliant! I 'll inform you when I finish my 8 week!Update:Incredible!!!!!!!!!!! On my 31st day, the virus is undetectable! Before start taking Zepatier I had 4.796.191 viral load, now the results are negative! No side effects! Zepatier is working very well! Thank you Zepatier!
I took Clomid for the first time last month. My husband and I tried for a year. I have a blocked Fallopian tube. I had to use estrogen medicine also because my uterine lining was too thin. Then my doctor had me use HCG shot to stimulate ovulation since Clomid can apparently mess up if/when ovulation occurs. I took the HCG shot over 2 weeks ago. I noticed some weird symptoms a few days ago and I just took multiple pregnancy tests. And I 'm pregnant! So Clomid worked great for me so far. Yay!
I had a tummy tuck on Dec 18. The surgery was painful but the constipation from opioids from the surgery was just as bad. My plastic surgeon wasn 't familiar with treating OIC so I called my primary care physician. She gave me Amitiza 24mcg. It took almost two days but it was amazing and I was so thankful. I had to remain on opioids for three weeks and the Amitiza worked so well I haven 't had any issues!! Thank you Amitiza!!!
My experience during the nexplon is great not a pregnancy yet.  My only issue is it causes me too much bleeding. I get my periods from every other week up to 1 month up to 3 month . And it ruins My sex life
Awesome!  My new boyfriend has a few issues; I believe it is all mental because of the bad relationships in the past.  He ordered this and then was prescribed this.  I told him he will go broke and he said it is sooooo worth it.  I orgasm every time, sometimes twice, and he does too.  Wow.
Had hep-c since early 70s and cirrhosis for the last 20 yrs. Tried interferon and riboviron which   had to stop treatments due to side effects that was terrible. Got on transplant list in Oct of 2014 and received a new liver on 19 Dec 2014. I was really blessed. Hep-c  was on a mission to destroy new liver but after 4 weeks of harvoni virus is undetectable .  Another blessing. Am still on treatments for 8 more weeks but 0 side effects so no problem.
These reviews helped me so much when I first started Zoloft over 5 weeks ago that I wanted to post my experience.  After several weeks of increasingly worsening panic attacks at work, I ended up in the hospital. A year ago my psych Dr switched me from cymbalta to a mood stabilizer and things were good until November as stress at work increased.  I was depending on too much bromazepam to get through the day.  My GP started me on 50 mg of Zoloft and my anxiety was so bad also tremors for 4 weeks I was sure I would have to quit working or cut my hours.  But this Monday on week 5 was amazing.  I still have some anxiety but I seem to be able to handle it now.  It 's like I have my confidence back. Good luck!
Drinking a few extra 16oz bottles of water during the period after taking the Milk of Magnesia will help stop the painful hard stools constipation usually brings. It will help ease the release. There can be different amount of time you can expect the recommended dosage to work. For me it 's best taken on an empty stomach. No food for 4 hours or more helps speed the desired effect. If it 's been several days since you normally have movements it will also take longer for the effects to begin. Drink water, as much as you possibly can. If diarrhea occurs cut back on water. Take the prescribed dose, not more. Drinking lots of water along with sufficient fiber in my diet has become much easier than fighting with constant constipation.
I appreciate Lithium. Although my thyroid level is low, a supplement helps to equalize this problem. I 've been through at least 20 different medications to stabilize my Bipolar diagnosis. I always wanted to be of normal state of mind. Lithium has allowed me to be equally yoked with myself. 300mg ER in the evening. 100mg of Seroquel in the evening. 20mg of  Cymbalta in the morning! I 'm set! If I 'm feeling anxiety I can add Busper or Loranzapam.
My husband (age 63) has been having problems with Benign Prostate Hyperplasia, and erectile dysfunction as well.  We had gone from a fantastic sex life to one that was fading fast.  Then his doctor put him on a small daily dose (5 mg) of Cialis. Holy smokes!  He is bigger and harder than he was at 30. I am loving this. I have always had a powerful sex drive, and I was resigning myself to watching that fade away. I 'm now clearing my schedule for action. I am honestly feeling more satisfied than I did at 25.  Ladies, if your guy is slowing down, push him to do this.  You may not have as much time to clean the house, but both of you will be smiling a lot more!
I 'm 58 and recently started on this medicine. Almost immediate relief of vulvar dryness and pain. Not sure yet if the painful intercourse will be relieved but this looks optimistic to me after many months of intense pain. Medicine does not seem gooey or even noticeable when used. Really like it so far.
Had a cat bite me on my hand...full set of teeth and sharp. Hand swelled and was red. Took augmentin 8 hours after being bitten and within 3 days swelling went down and redness had faded. 6 years as an animal control officer and never injured once...help my friend pick out a cat at the local humane society and get bitten...oh the irony! This is an excellent medicine for cat bites. Had a friend tell me her dad got bitten by a cat and he ended up in the hospital and almost died from an infection. Lucky me from my experience I knew to seek medical attention immediately. Anyone bitten by a cat should know they have about an 85% chance of infection and need to take it very seriously or you 'll end up in hospital.
Had sex on the 7th of August. Took Plan B about 23 hours after from the intercourse. Haven 't gotten my period yet because I 'm not supposed to be due until the 20th of August but a major side effect that I 've been experiencing is a MAJOR amount of tiredness and exhaustion! When I got home from work the day after I took the pill, I went upstairs around 9pm to sleep and woke up the next day around 1pm. I wake up extremely exhausted and my feet start to get tired as well. Also I barely ever hungry anymore... I 'm 18 years old so this is very unusual for a teen... Hopefully my period comes soon.
My ears were ringing like crazy, I was almost to start break down and cry, but I was reading on one guys experience on how to best the ringing and everything he went thru I was going thru so I stsrted to do exactly what he said is to tune it out cause the more you think about it the worse it gets because with titinus you csn become your own worst enemy. So I keep reading on other testimonials and read alot  of people took zanax and it seemed to quite the ringing down.  So I had a zanax 0.5mg took it also because I couldnt sleep, the next day I woke up with a slight ringing and as the day progressed it went completely away Thank the lord.I truly believe that this oh s a condition thats related to the nrevous system there is s cure out.
I 'm 30 years old.  I started having really bad skin about 2 years ago from maybe stress in my life.  But, I tried EVERYTHING to get rid of it and it just got worse.  I finally went to a dermatologist and she put me on spironolactone.  My skin started getting better in about two weeks. I LOVED it. I 've been taking it for about 6 months and I get compliments from Makeup artist and models (I 'm a hairstylist) about how good my skin is.  Another plus for me is my breasts went from a small B to a C! I decided to stop taking it for a week and my breasts went small again and my skin is getting a little oily. So I 'm going back on. I only take one a day.
I 've suffered from panic attacks and anxiety for years.  I took Paxil for many years, but its effectiveness waned, and I hated the weight gain and sexual side-effects that came with it.  I switched to Luvox, starting with 25mg and it worked miracles.  Eventually, I had to move up to 50mg and now for the last two years 75mg.  I have had no adverse effects, and it has been a lifesaver.  Eventually, when my son was diagnosed with panic disorder (certainly inherited from me, much like I inherited it from my mother), his doctor tried Luvox for him, too.  His assumption was that our genetic similarity and our similar diagnosis might be treated by the same medicine.  He was right. Both my son and I are living anxiety-free, panic attack-free lives.
My blood pressure has been around 160/100. Doctor prescribed Azor 40/10. Just 4 hrs later my reading showed 120/82. I was amazed. I am now on it daily. Thanks to Azor.
Been dealing with restless leg syndrome.for about 2 years. It kept me from falling asleep. First they gave me flexiril. And it did nothing. Than a miracle came about and I was prescribed reprinol and my legs haven 't twitched since . Amazing drug I must say. My sleep has improved greatly
I dreaded the side-effects and had NONE.  I had the intravenous infusion three days before Christmas 2011 and was scared that I would be flattened by the supposed side-effects like flu-like symptoms, bone ache and so forth and was pleasantly surprised.  I am having my second one in just ten days time and hopefully it will be a repeat of the first one.
This is a very good medication IMO.  When you titrate up to the dose intended, you will notice subtle differences.  Many times I have thought that this had flattened me out but when I backed off the dose, symptoms came roaring back.  No noticeable side effects for me.  Helps stability very well, maybe the cause of some anxiety not much tho.
My time with skyla has been an absolute breeze. Ms. Skyla and i have been together since late october 2015 and it has been great. I must admit that the insertion is a bit painful,but you will soon forget. I got cramps for about a weekafter insertion. Nothing that a littlw ibuprofen couldnt tackle. I urge anyone who is thinking about skyla to just do it. I promise it is worth it. Please remember that pain is subjective. Meaning it just depends on the person. 
Have tried Paxil and Lexapro which sent me into hyper-panic and GAD. I was about to give up on medicines and accept my miserable anxiety as a fact of life when my Doctor recommended Buspirone. I noticed my anxiety began to taper the second day I took the medication. No real side effects to speak of through my first week. The one thing it has delivered for me, HOPE!
I have been suffering with this anxiety problem for years and it was starting to interfere with my life.  I am a confident person socially, but my fear of presentations was huge and I would my voice would tremble to the extent where it sounded like I was full on crying. I researched medication for this fear and found propanolol. My doctor prescribed me with 80mg Half Inderal (Propanolol) and despite what some say, he was not hesitant about giving me a prescription and said he regularly gives it to musicians/public speakers etc. It has worked wonders for me, I no longer embarrass my self and now feel happy and confident. You may still feel nervy, but the adrenaline does not kick in. I have not suffered any symptoms and only take it seldomly.
My 9 year old son has been on various medicines for ADHD since he was 6. We just switched to Focalin 10 mg about 2 weeks ago. We are noticing that by about 1:00 in the afternoon it is completely out of his system and there is no focus. We are going to try a booster dose of 5 mg in the afternoon. I 'm going to talk to our doctor about lowering his morning dose because he feels shaky and tired, which I thought would have subsided by now. His focus is terrific but I wonder if we can get the same results by knocking down the dose a bit and adding the booster. Other than that, his sleep and eating habits are the same. Whew!
I love Lutera. I am very sensitive to other forms of birth control. Lutera has been one of the only kinds I can take. Pros: light periods, no cramping, no intense side effects, bigger boobs.Cons: Brown periods, slight weight gain. I also tend to get a bit emotional 1 or 2 days before my period....however I am always an emotional person so this could just be me. I have been on Lutera for 6 years â˜º
I have been using Qsymia for a little over 3 months. I have lost 50 pounds. I 'm 30, have 1 child and couldn 't lose weight no matter how long I stayed in the gym. There is no magic pill that works for weight loss without DIET AND EXERCISE! You need to do these things to see these type of results! I will say in the beginning my side effects were awful I always felt tired but I pushed passed that and it went away. I have since gone off my blood pressure medicine as well. I would recommend following closely with your doctor if you are on BP meds though because my blood pressure dropped so quick I was fainting. Not from Qsymia but from getting healthy so fast.
I took Aviane for about 3 years. I gained very little weight when I began taking it, but quickly dropped the lbs when I started paying attention to how I was eating. I never had any issues with an irregular period or acne, but my main side effect was moodiness. It took me a couple of years to figure out why I 'd become this hyperemotional person, but then after much research, realized it was the Aviane. I began to pay attention to my moods and regulate my mood swings, which helped. I 've been off the pill for over a year now, but if I had to go back on birth control, I would choose this one again.
Depo has been great for relief of pain from endometriosis. I am on my 3rd shot. No more period, but I do spot the whole month before the next shot is due. I am hoping that will stop as my body gets used to it more. The shot is painless, the only side effect I have noticed is minor weight gain and my sex drive has decreased a bit. I am okay with that at least the pain is gone. I got scared reading what everyone had to say about this drug and almost didn 't get it. I am glad I took the chance to see how &quot;I&quot; reacted to it. Everyone is different. I am very satisfied with it.
I 've been on Jolessa for 6 months.  I decided to try this because I get bad headaches during my period (even though they 'd only last 3 days, 4 days at most) and I wanted to avoid it altogether.  The first two months, it was great.  Then my period arrived a month early and the bleeding lasted for 25 days, mostly light.  I had already picked up my next 90 day pack so I figured I 'd try to get through that and if I still had the bleeding, I 'd talk to my doctor about another birth control.  No need to do that because Jolessa is now working perfectly for me.  It 's been wonderful not having a period for a few months.  I 'd recommend this birth control to anyone.
I was prescribed Restasis by my ophthalmologist due to severe dry eye caused by Accutune. I was given a card that gave me a discount since I did not have private health insurance and used each vile over 2-3 days so that it became effectively very cheap for me to use. I had side effects at first, burning eyes and blurred vision. I was told it takes a minimum of 3 months to see any benefits so I kept using it. It worked almost too well, as my eyes started producing tears so much that my eyes would water all the time. I stopped using the product after 1 year, and my eyes have improved so much I no longer need to use it, although I still use regular over the counter eye drops (Systane Balance) once or twice a day as needed
I started 5mg of olanzapine last night. I have not slept or felt calm in a couple months. I have dealt with Bipolar 1 and ADHD for many years. I went to my Psychiatrist and was told that for my condition I should not be on things like Celexa that I was taking at 40mg at night. Those serotonin medications can hype me up especially at night. So the only other medicine I take is Inderal LA 120mg for tremors I have from a neurological condition since childhood. I slept great last night for the first time in a long time. I also feel much more at ease in gathering my thoughts and focus. I just hope it continues and I do my part in staying stable too.
Great product I have been on other drugs that gave me back side effects-rash, itching, dry mouth, constipation, headache, dizziness, back pain, etc. I urinate on average 20-40 times a day every approx 15-20 minutes, after using the patch I went as long as 2 hours without using restroom. my skin is irritated and red but better than spending my whole day in the bathroom. I cant believe my doctor didn 't put me on this over the counter drug first before spending hundreds of dollars on prescription medications. I have suffered for over 30 yrs with the issue of urgency and frequency this is a miracle for me.  Praise the LORD
I absolutely love Nexplanon! Ladies, at first I was super hesitant but I had to get off the Trinessa birth control because it caused me too much bloating and I was miserable 3 weeks out of the month. I was so excited to get the implant but the reviews I read freaked me out. The process was super easy and fast. The most uncomfortable part was the numbing process (it stung a bit). I didn 't feel the implant insertion at all. There was bruising for about a week and it itched quite a bit but it went away after a week once it was fairly healed. As far as side effects, I felt a bit moody for about 2 weeks and I had a headache for a few days when I first got the implant. I 've had ZERO bleeding and NO weight gain.
Update:My skin initially cleared up for the First week but then the next 2-3 weeks were horrible with a lot of breakouts!For the first 3 weeks my skin was so red, painful, dry and peeling. Then all of a sudden everything went away...My acne is minimal/almost completely gone after a little over a month and my skin feels so hydrated! Such a great product!
When I was a 15 year old freshman in high school I broke out with severe acne. In literally one week my skin went from perfectly clear to large acne blotches on my cheeks, chin and neck that were painful to touch. After trying everything in the arsenal at the time (monocycline, benzaclIn, finacea, etc.) my dermatologist recommended Accutane. My only side effects were ridiculously chapped lips, dry skin on my face, and some joint pain. After a month and a half of treatment my acne was gone completely, and my skin clearer everyday thereafter. I was so depressed with the acne but this medicine changed my life for the better as I have never needed to use/take another acne medication following that 4 or 5 month treatment.
2mg of xanax works perfectly for my panic attack when i feel one coming on i take one 2mg pill and it takes it away and i am no longer being run by my panic attack.
This medication is amazing! After 3 days of being extremely sick, I started to feel amazing, I am now 1 month into it and am so happy all the time and have no depressive thoughts at all. It kind of blocks out any sad thoughts. Works perfectly for me.
It works very well
I was recently referred to a endocrinologist and he started me on Trulicity and Jardiance. I 've tried to take Byetta in the past but had to stop because it made me very sick. I lost weight. But that was because I was throwing up all day. Effective weight loss method but I do NOT recommend it! I 've taken one dose of Trulicity and while I do have mild nausea it is not bad and I have switched from coffee to green tea in the morning. Really helps. That I would recommend. Sugar levels have not dropped significantly but they are dropping. Guess one week won 't work wonders and I have to wait a bit. I don 't know if it is the Trulicity or the Jardiance or the combo of both but I have managed to lose 7 pounds in 5 days.
Accurate information.
I got this inserted 3 years ago, my arm hurt for one day with no bruising, and then I literally forgot about it for the remaining time. No periods ever, and never once pregnant. No weight gain. Most convenient form of birth control ever used, but it may just be the way my body has reacted. Got it reinserted for the next 3 years and got some bruising, but not too bad.
First of all I 'm not and never have been a smoker. Have COPD due to chronic bronchitis, I developed asthma after 40. I 've been taking this product for five yrs and the illness due to weather has decreased dramatically I had previously suffered from pneumonia due to worsening bronchitis at least twice a yr. I average once every three years now it is due to consistently taking this year round.
Used Cardura XL on/off for several years now and more regularly recently. Wanted new prescription after moving to Europe, however doctor didn 't now the product and recommended as alternative Tamsulosin (Pradif T) which did not provide any relieve with urinating especially at night (blocked). Switched back to my remaining Cardura XL and found equivalent product in Europe called Cardura CR. Just perfect flow, day and night! No side effects.
I just want to say that after taking a lot of other anti-depressant meds, this is THE ONE! Besides only having 1 side-effect (diarrhea), that went away after 2 wks, it 's really changed my life!!! i recommend this to anyone who has tried other meds that have not worked
I am 29 and just had my second Mirena inserted a few days ago. It was painful, but the pain only lasts for around 30 seconds if it goes smoothly.  I have seizures, and have chosen Mirena because it does not interact with my medicines. Other forms of birth control have caused more seizures. I do not have this problem with Mirena. It has not affected my skin (although I currently use medication for acne I 've had for years).  I like it because after it 's inserted, I can forget about it for a few years.  The only thing I 've found inconvenient, is having a partner be able to feel the strings.  BUT my gyno said most men are not even aware.  
This is absolutely the best birth control I have ever used. I switched from Nexplanon to Ortho Evra, and if you are thinking of doing the same, I highly recommend it.  Let me list the reasons why:1. Weight loss. I have lost 5lbs in one month, without even trying!  I 'm back to the weight I was before I started birth control...but my breasts are still birth control sized.2. Sex drive. Mine had been non-existent since I went on Nexplanon in September. Now, stronger than ever. That might be a downside though, now that I think about it.3. Skin- no acne!4. Predictable cycle. (On Nexplanon, I never knew when I was going to menstruate, which was about 90% of the time). Now, a non issue.5. Don 't have to remember everyday.
I 've received spinal injections because after a serious car accident I 've been left with severe pain and will do anything to relieve it. Anytime I get an injection, they give me propofol before the injection and I 'm knocked out within a few seconds and then awake a few minutes after the procedure. After about 15 minutes I 'm ready to get up and leave and am able to walk and function normally with absolutely no hangover or side effects.
OMG !!!  I SWEAR I 'M NOT A PAID PERSON !!!!I 've got a bad back and in the past I 've used this and that with no success after spending all that money.   I 'm 288 pounds.  I eat NO JUNK FOOD, NO FAST FOOD, NO BREAD,RICE 'S, PASTA 'S ! All I do is juicing fruits n veges and take belviq. I lost nearly 10 lbs in a week!!!
I am 25 yrs old, no kids and have never been pregnant. After almost 10 years of being on the pill, my doctor and I decided it was time for some thing different. Insertion was very painful, the first one we were trying was faulty so I had to purchase another one right after to be placed. It was extremely uncomfortable, even after being advised to take 800mg of Motrin! I had my boyfriend bring me to and from the doctor, which I would recommend. After I got home I placed a heating pad on my lower abdomen and slept for about 2 hrs! After I woke up I felt like a completely different person! I had no aches or pains, back to normal! I would highly recommend this to any woman, there 's no more remembering! I love it!
I have been taking Zanaflex for about a year now and it has been wonderful for me.  I have Ankylosing spondylitis and fibromyalgia.  I have a very hard time sleeping at night but Zanaflex helps me sleep and keeps down the muscle pain.
Hi, I 've been using this product over 3years and I 'm completely satisfied. My skin in super dry and It 's really really working for me. While I 'm using this, my face is clear. I 've tried everything but nothing worked except ACZONE!!! It 's expensive but totally worth it, give it a try.
I was having severe bleeding with large clots which lasted for 3 weeks. Finally saw the Doctor and he gave me 10mg for 10 days. This is day 9. I stopped bleeding 2 days ago. I love this medicine, really. I 'm hungry more often, but that 's okay. Unsure what will happen when I stop taking it.
So much better than the creams.
I was prompted to write this after reading some of the negative reviews. God how I wish this would work for everyone. I have only been on it for around 7 months but my first scan was promising (I have bone metastasis and there were no new spots and previous lesions appeared smaller). I go for my next scan in a few weeks. I 'm so fortunate in that I 've had no side effects. Your neutrophils will dip and yes, I 'm tired at times but what else is new. I know that some are experiencing terrible side effects but I wanted to chime in and say that not everyone experiences them. I do take spirulina pills and they seem to help get my neutrophils where they should be (above 1.0). If you are a candidate for ibrance, count yourself lucky and try it!
F/26, Wellbutrin SR 100mg twice a day &amp; I feel so much better. I 've tried many different SS/SNRIs over the past 12 years &amp; they all made me have extreme suicidal thoughts. I had kind of given up hope on finding something that worked for me, but then a new psychiatrist recommended trying Wellbutrin. The first week or so was rough, I had blurry vision, shakes, &amp; extreme light sensitivity. Those negative side effects went away after 3 weeks. I 'm 3 months in &amp; my mood has significantly increased, which is just amazing because my depression worsens significantly in the winter. I feel optimistic for the future, my sex drive is better, I have more energy &amp; am more focused (I have fibromyalgia as well so this is huge for me), and I 've quit smoking!
I 'm a 27 year old white male in good shape but have always had high blood pressure...I 'm guessing genetic. My blood pressure would run anywhere from 130-160 over 85-105. The doctor tried a diuretic which did nothing, and then a beta blocker which had horrible side effects. They finally tried 10mg of lisinopril and wow how great! It almost immediately brought my blood pressure to 118/80 's. I actually cut my dose to 2.5 mg in the morning and 2.5 mg at lunch and my blood pressure stays perfect all day and night. I have had no side effects whatsoever and wouldn 't even know I was taking any medication if it weren 't for my lowered blood pressure. Highly recommend!
I have been taking Jardiance for just over a year - I have NOT experienced any side effects whatsoever - MORE importantly this drug has reduced my blood sugar levels to an average of 5 and has maintained this level, quite incredible as nothing else has worked previously - I have named Jardiance as the &quot;diabetic wonder drug&quot; although my Doctor keeps reminding me there is no such thing as a wonder drug - I disagree this is MY wonder drug - thank you Jardiance you have changed my life completely astonishing result.
I love my Mirena. I 'm due in February to take it out because my 5 years are up. It did not bother me at all to get it inserted. It was pretty easy, I had minor cramps after. I got it because I had gotten pregnant at 16 and had my daughter at 17. I got it because I knew my boyfriend and I were not ready for another child. On top of that from the moment I got my period it was hell. I got my period a month after insertion and ever since then it 's been a smooth ride. I haven 't had a period since and definitely have not gotten pregnant again. I guess its true when they say everybody takes differently to it. So come February I plan on getting it again for another 5 years. I 'm one happy customer.
I had my first atrial fibrillation crisis 3 moths ago. They cardioverted me, the doctor put me on metoprolol succinate ER 25mg for the first month and now I 'm on on metoprolol tartrate 25mg. 
Changed my life completely, I can actually function in social settings.
This pill works!I decided to share my experience with you because when I had unprotected sex I was searching like crazy to find out a solution.Firstly, I had unprotectes sex august 20th, and the next day I swear, I was extremely anxious and nervous, I was about to die.. I took Ella 30 hours after, and after some days I decided that what I could do, is wait... so I stoped worrying and became comfortable, and I was waiting for my period.. finally it came a week late.So, because I know the struggle, DO NOT PANIC, this pill is very very effective because you dont get pregrant immidietly.. but remember to always have PROTECTED sex...in case you dont ..there 's ella xx
The only migraine medicine that has ever worked on me.  Now my insurance company will not cover it. Guess I will have to pay for it.  It works that good!
I should be in a medical Journal compared to some of the other triglyceride levels I read on here...I had a staggering 8000 triglyceride level and my pancreas was inflamed and and my A1C was 12...I spent 11 days in the hospital and a month later my triglycerides are at 80 my estimated A1C level is 5.6 ...I have been off insulin for 4 weeks and I did that 2 weeks after I got out of the hospital. Gemfibrozil did the job but like the insulin im taking my self off Gemfibrozil because there are way to many side effects and I 'm experiencing dizziness pretty much all day. A proper diet and excercise has helped me conquer these medical conditions. Hopefully everyone on here can do the same.
When i first started using axiron, it burned for a few minutes. I was afriad this would be the rest of my life. Nope! Two weeks later the burning stopped. I have tried testim, androgel and hated the messy applications, and feared spreading it on my nieces. This goes under my arm and I love it! It is worth the extra 30 dollars from my insurance. I do recommend!
Today was my first day taking Vyvanse and wow! I usually have a sad down feeling and don 't want to talk to anyone. I am a 26 year old college student. But today I actually made two new friends from class and went to lunch with them. I feel like I can walk in a room with confidence now. The only bad thing is I did have a mild headache around 9 pm. After it wore off and it only lasted around 8 hours with a dry mouth I am on the 60 mg dose. The other great thing is I actually felt like being in class today and took 7 pages of notes and sat in the very front of the class and wasn 't afraid to ask questions! I 'm happy to have found Vyvanse and paying attention is so much easier now. Highly recommended for people with ADD.
This product is very good. I have problems with yeast due to periods and eating starchy products. This products works rapidly. I recommend this product 100%.
Week 4 and only feel a little confused in the mornings as a side effect, it 's working fantastic for me
I love Aleve! It makes all my lower back pain disappear, I feel like a new person.
I 've been on Victoza for 13 days and have lost 8lbs. I 've also been following a low carb diet maintaining 50g of carbs on a daily basis. I 've also worked out only mildly at 2-3 times a week so far.  Feeling great, lots of energy.  Only side effects were nausea the first 2 days and some mild constipation.
The first day I used it, I felt terribly sick, the following days I didnt even notice I was wearing the patch. I 've been using it fow two years now, it 's just wonderful.
It saved my life--what can I say?
Let me just tell you, to those reading these reviews, it 's not worth the stress. To sum it up, my bf and I had unprotected sex on Feb 15 but he pulled out and since I forgot bout precum (he claims he doesn 't have any) I needed to take the precaution, taking Plan B. He bought the pill and I took it approx 22 hrs after. I had little to no symptoms, first day I had little fatigue and my appetite increased. After so much research, turns out, if you 're that 5% of which it doesn 't work on its either because you took it too late or have already taken it before so your body is regulating the pill (that 's from what I read) I 'm a senior in high school and have a lot of plans for my future. My period came today so being a mother is not on the list!!!
I have been using Mobic to relieve the pain from my Spinal Fusion I had in March/2001. I was previously on Bextra that was discontinued. I find this medication to work just as good as Bextra did.
No side effects, very light periods. On my 3rd month, and no weight gain. Had a bit of a long period the first month, but since then, it 's been perfect. The only gripe I have is that because it 's so new, it 's crazy expensive. $45 a month even with health insurance.
This is the best migraine medication for me.  I feel these are very different for each individual.  But this has been the most successful at completely aborting my migraines most of the time. With other types I have had to take a repeat dose to get the results needed to continue a normal day.
I found out I had genital hsv 1 about a month ago. I have never seen a sore or bump of any kind down there, but experienced a burning that I compared to being cut, literally. The doctor found a lesion by the vaginal opening, that looked like little paper cuts apparently. Anyhow the 500 mg Valtrex 1&times; daily started helping after 2 weeks. The weird nerve-like sensations I was experiencing were all gone after 3 weeks. The only negative side effect is fatigue after I take the dose.
This has been the most wonderful medicine for my 2 abscessed teeth. Yes both hit me at one time and it was very very painful and within 36 hours of taking it I could see a big difference such as less pain and decreased swelling. This is day 6 and I have no pain and no swelling.
I had unprotected sex and he ejaculated completely inside me. About 38 hours later, I took the pill with food and water. I was expecting my period about a week from that day. Throughout the whole time waiting for my period I had absolutely zero side affects, and it really really worried me. It was about 2 weeks after I took it that I finally got my period, and I was never so happy to be in so much pain.
I have been on Vyvanse for almost 2 years and have had no major symptoms. I had dry mouth, but that pretty much subsided. I did lose about 30lbs, but I 'm 5 '9&quot; and was weighing about 240lbs, so it wasn 't as bad thing. I have ADHD, I started this medicine when I was almost 40. I 'm almost 42 and really have had a great experience. My son is on it for ADD, and my daughter for ADHD. She was just tested and accepted into the gifted program and he is 2 years younger and has had significant improvements to his grades and behavior. I would recommend.
I have only been on Victoza for less than a week now and already huge difference in my levels. Prior to Victoza I was on 2000mg Metforming, 5mg Onglyza following a low carb diet. That brought my levels down to an average of about 14 while fasting. Since being on the Victoza the highest reading I have had so far is a 12.5 which for me is incredible I can 't wait to see what I will be at over the next month.  I am not focusing on the weight loss at the moment if it happens awesome, but I 'm most concerned about my sugars. As for side effects I have had very mild nausea and that 's all.
Day 2. Taking for major anxiety/ slight depression. 10mg daily. Anxiety is lifting and feel much more in control and calm. Only side symptom is a slight wheezy/ tired feeling. I took it last night about 9pm and was asleep by 11pm. First time in a year that a fell asleep without racing thoughts and worries.
My Dr agreed to over see putting me on Qsymia because he watched as I devotedly pursued everything else to no avail. I have now been on this for 1 week and have dropped 3 lbs. I have 60 to go and have all the patience in the world as long as I see progress. I do get tired midday laydown, ten minutes get up, I do get constipated but take those probiotic gummies that seem to help. I crave sweet but nothing really sounds good. I plan to start walking just a mile daily.
At 59 years of age have been suffering migraines since I was 21. Think I have tried every medication available in the UK. Maxalt is the only thing that has ever worked for me.Pain usually gone after 20 minutes, before I took Maxalt I could be in bed for 2 days rolling around in agony. Only side effects are tiredness and strangely It makes me sneeze just once as soon as I have taken it. Maxalt has completely changed my life. Fortunate to live in UK as I get it free on national health prescription.
Started this last night. I have zero appetite. How is this possible? I love food, but I don 't really feel like eating. All I 've had today is some grapes. I have a sandwich in my lunchbox, but I don 't have any appetite. I haven 't had any of the side effects so far. I started with the 1.2 dose. The &quot;pen&quot; is really easy to use compared to my intramuscular testosterone. However, this drug is ridiculously expensive. Even with good insurance, I would have to pay almost $400 a MONTH!!! Fortunately, another serious illness pushed me over my out-of-pocket annual. So, I filled the script for $0. Due to politics I may have no insurance next year. Anyway, so far, so good with Victoza.
I had a wonderful experience with Ziana. This is the only acne medication that didn 't dry out my skin after using it. I thought I would never have a good experience with acne medications. Ziana is a smooth, moisturizing acne medication that leaves your skin feeling great. With a couple days the redness and swelling of my acne went down significantly. I don 't see myself ever using another acne medication.
Butt paste was very useful for my baby. She had diaper rash 4 times. I tried lots of variety (Destin , A D , nystatin, neosporin) but none worked. I tried Butt paste its really very good. 
Been taking Zoloft for 2 weeks and 3 days for panic attacks and general anxiety disorder. 2 weeks in I felt like myself again, careless towards things that didn 't matter and was able to go to work and be more social. For 3 days now I 've felt strange, had a panic attack though on day 14 and I think that might be why (can 't get over them sometimes). I can 't wait for a month to be over with so I 'll get the full effect of Zoloft. Hopefully I 'll be back to normal soon.
I am very happy taking Zanaflex.  I was originally put on it for migraines but after a major car accident they tried to put me on Soma which caused some side effects.  I went back to Zanaflex and have never looked back.
This has been a great medication and has made me feel much better.  If you take too much at one time it can upset your stomach. 
I have struggled with ADD since I was in grade school. Although diagnosed, my mother was not about putting me on medication. That being said I struggled really bad until I graduated. I am now 22 &amp; have been out on almost any ADD/ADHD medication you can think of. To keep it short &amp; sweet, Concerta &amp; focalin worked for about an hour then I turned into a horrible person to be around - extreme mood swings, aggression, agitation, really easily annoyed, &amp; hostile. My doctor decided to put me on Adderall XR 10mg tablets &amp; let me tell you it has saved my life!!!!!! It lasts all day for me, I am more focused, my heart rate doesn 't jump to extremes like it did on Focalin. It actually makes me more relaxed &amp; enjoyable to be around. 10/10
I have had Liletta for a year now. Insertion was bad but nothing I couldn 't handle since I was used to awful cramps. Since then I 've remained around the same weight, my skin has stayed clear, and I have a much lighter period then I used to. Only negatives I 've had are random spotting which I 've had on previous birth controls as well. I highly recommend Liletta!
I took it (2 a day) for a few weeks for a compression fracture and it helped not only that but the constant arthritis in the lower back. I also took it some years ago, knowing only the generic name and not associating it with  'Vicodin ', for shingles. Nothing short of heroin can eliminate shingles pain, but this did a pretty good job without any sign of physical dependence. I will request a continuing prescription just for the arthritis.
I have OCD, anxiety, and ADHD. I also pick my cuticles everyday. The official name is Dermatillomania and it 's closely related to pulling hair out. I 've been picking my cuticles for 25 years. There has never been a time when I did not pick them to some degree. I try to hide them and I frequently make them bleed. I take 450 mg of Wellbutrin XL and 25 mg of Paxil (by cutting the pills) daily. I started the Paxil almost a month ago for anxiety. While it has helped a lot with anxiety, it 's even more incredible to me that my cuticles are now almost perfect with just one tiny blemish and my nails are long. This is the ONLY time they 've looked like this since I started when I was 9 years old. Very, very pleased! No more hiding my fingers!
For years I had battled with IBS D, until being prescribed Effexor XR. I did have problems when changed to the generic. If I missed a dose of the name brand I could take the next dose. On the generic if I missed I would have awful withdrawals.And one manufacturer Zydus 120 mg lasted only 12 hours.I found manufacturer Greenstone will last the 24 hours. My current pharmacy makes sure they have it available, but some pharmacys aren 't able to get certain manufacturers.I have been able to live a normal life with the medication Effexor XR or generic by Greenstone. I do not have IBS D, nor the stress and anxiety of never knowing when it would hit. I am very thankful.
I only took Bontril 105mg for 2 months. I started out at 250lbs!!! I went to buy New clothes and was in a size 18, so depressing! I started out on Bontril 35mg, that did nothing for me so they bumped it up. I did stop drinking cold drinks, and only water. I did not even drink tea. I ate a high protein diet, beef jerky, cheese, and yogurt. They told me 1200 calories but that felt impossible! I did exercise the first month but slacked in the second. I lost 50 pounds total in those 2 months.  There after I did not gain my appetite back and got all the way down to 162 pounds. This medicine is absolutely amazing! Its been over 2 years and I just starting gaining some of the weight back due to the depo shot, I will definalty be going back to Bont
Thyroid supplements are really hard on my stomach &amp; I couldn&rsquo;t take them for long. I found out most have lactose in them; Levothroid does not. If you&rsquo;re lactose intolerant or have digestive problems, I would highly recommend trying Levothroid. Going on 6 years now and no ill effects.
I started taking the doxcy (100 mg) once a day for my acne.  I am 29 years old female that had never had acne in my teens until now at this age.  Okay so I began with this pill and for me it got worse before it got better. I took this for a month and a week and I did see improvement till like my 4th week of using it. So then my derm prescribed the same doxcy  (100 mg) but now twice a day which is much better along with tretinoin cream 0.05% every night. This has helped me so much. One big tip that I can give you guys is not to stress about the acne I know it 's hard but stressing will only make it worse. Just think that one day it will go away.  Now it 's been  25 days with the new prescribed doxcy and finally no more acne.
Within 2 weeks saw blood glucose more than half to good levels I 've not seen for years (literally) no major side effects - felt sick twice within a day or two of first dose but apart from that all ok. Injecting in fatty tissue of stomach hardly any pain. Very well designed device and needle almost painless. I would recommend this for T2s who have gone to max on oral meds and need that extra help, this really is the magic bullet for me. I can handle weekly injections but not daily that 's too much imho.
Quickest relief ever!  Antibiotics always give me a yeast infection! Vaginal creams are slow and yucky. Fluconazole worked quickly and completely!
It was like going to sleep when you were a little kid and you were very tired and your bed felt delicious.
This worked great for my back pain and is non-narcotic so I don 't feel woozy.
I have been a type 2 diabetic for 10 yrs now. I tried victoza in may 2016. As of today, Sept. 24th I have lost 45 pounds, I 'm down to 1 metformin a day and my A1C is great!! The side effects are minimal. Mainly sour stomach but that can be controlled mostly by diet.  Low starch foods help alot. I 'm so glad after trying a few newer meds that I found victoza!!!
This has really helped me. I have had RLS all my life off and on.  The RLS is worse now,  I am 74yrs.  I have been on it almost a year. I believe I may be getting some side effects lately. I am so tired, and can 't seem to think straight sometimes. I realize that could be from other things, but I am going to talk to my Doctor on next visit.It is a God send if you haven 't slept for nights.
Slow and steady definitely wins this race. I was skeptical going on birth control to fix my ongoing acne battle especially since I am not sexually active. I have been on it for 3 months now and I am so grateful I did this!! My acne has cleared up 80% and I expect it to be closer to 95% for the next pack. It was hard to be patient those 3 months of wondering if it would work, but it did and I 'm soo happy about it. At first, I noticed some swelling and tenderness in the chest, but that subsided after about 2-3 weeks, once my body got a bit more used to it. I had a few pounds of weight gain but that has since come off too- and may have been just water weight.
Although I think I might have kidney stones instead of a UTI, (due to vast amounts of blood in my urine and no pain when I urinate) my only side effect is nausea. I can 't say if it actually helped with symptoms because I still have side and belly pain after 7 days of being on it. Just because one person might have one side effect or allergic reaction doesn 't mean the next person will. Everyone 's body is different and what doesn 't work for one person might work for the other.
I have been suffering from terrible allergies due to hay fever.  The allergies caused horrible headaches.  Doctor gave me a prescription for butalbital (Fioricet). It helped so much. I was taking Excedrin migraine however it was keeping me up at night. Everyone who suffers must try it. It is inexpensive compared to most migraine medications.
Best pain medication I have been on. Started because it was one of the cheapest and long acting. The only major problem is that it destroyed my teeth. It does not make me feel high just normal, it is however a very difficult medication to stop taking. I would not give up my methadone for any other treatment, especially suboxone.
I LOVE Celebrex!  I have degenerative disk disease, bulged disk and degenerative hips.  My doctor had me try it after learning how I can tolerate 6 ibupropen a day.  I have been 85% better as far as the daily pain.  I can do things in exercise that I could not before, due to the pain.  I take homeopathic anti inflammatory supplements as well.  I am a 43 year old photographer, pilates student and teacher living in pain for over 6 years.  So wonderful to have this relief.
This drug is phenomenal for migraines as long as you catch it early.
28 years old, 165 pounds. Severe paranoia from stimulants and Wellbutrin; caffeine as well. Nowhere else to turn, I started on Straterra 10mg, twice a day. Effects in first 2 hours. Felt manic-ish. Sleep pattern disrupted. Cola colored urine stains on the toilet bowl when not flushed. Smoking desire enhanced. 2 weeks later. same dosage. Very focused. Used together occasionally with an anti-psychotic and anti-anxiety for when any panic attacks, manicness, or paranoia begins to occur. Studying time increased. Comprehension enhanced. Distractions minimized. Recommend this medicine at 10mg for those with side effects from stimulants.
Okay so I 've had pneumonia (Viral) and now I 'm left with post viral bacterial bronchitis infection. I 've been given Doxycycline (Sandoz) tablets and have only taken six tablets. Now my doctor also notice that I also have quiet severe acne and scaring. He explained about the medicine and said if my skin starts clearing up let him know and I can get more. My experience so far is amazing only reason why it 's one off from 10/10 is because I did break out in the first 3 days and it brought up an ugly big pimple that has left me bruised. 3 days later almost gone. My face is not sore as it was before. On top of it I do have a daily routine (sometimes). I take Bio Zinic tablets, deep cleanser (Niva) and Real-U (cream) on affected areas. I clean my face 4 days a week.
Before starting Linzess at age 21 (~1 yr ago), I was going to the bathroom about once every 3 weeks. Eventually, laxatives were necessary but still I was going maybe 3 times a month. I was experiencing severe stomach pains that left me in bed for hours at a time daily, eventually I ended up in the ER.Within 24 hours of starting Linzess, I went to the bathroom. Yes, the first few days it was diarrhea. Within the first week, I was having regular bowel movements and have been having about 1/day since then. MY STOMACH PAIN HAS DISAPPEARED (that 's huge!!!!) Gas? Yes, all the time. Diarrhea? Only if I take it too late in the day. Increased hunger? Yes, obviously, because my stomach is empty. Worth it? 5 billion percent.
I had been putting off colonoscopy for years due to fear of prep, despite the fact my mother had colon cancer when she was 48!! I am 48 now and couldn 't put it off any longer. I have to say Suprep was great! Follow doctor/kit instructions exactly. Works within 30-45 min after dosing. Done using bathroom within 3-3 1/2 hours. Tips: Eat lightly 2 or so days prior, eating mainly soft foods. Hydrate yourself several days prior also, making sure to get lots of extra fluids/electrolytes. Don 't drink too much right before dosing so that you can get all the solution/water down comfortably. Do drink as much fluid as you can in between doses to stay hydrated. And RELAX! Positive attitude goes along way! I would definitely use this product again.
I have been on the duragesic patches 100mcg every 2 days a little over 3 years for chronic pain due to a failed lumbar fusion surgery. Before going on the patch I was taking 10-15 loritab 's a day , which tore my gastrointestinal system apart.  These patches were a Godsend. with norco as a break through med.  I usually only have to take if I get a little over active . The only reason I didn 't rate a 10 was a few side effects sweats and constipation being the worse. gains beat that easy.
Suffered from anxiety and depression for 3 months with over 20 side effects. Took citalopram and Prozac but both only worsened my side effects. Finally doctor gave me mirtazapine and almost overnight I seemed to improve. Had my first full sleep in 3 months and felt like eating again. Slowly over the course of 1 week all side effects left me and within 2 weeks I was more or less off the medicine. 3 months later I lead my old life again. If you suffer from sleep and have lost your appetite due to anxiety give this a go. Good luck
I 've been tormented by anxiety since childhood. I am 24 years old and have been through a lot in my life. I 've been diagnosed with depression, bipolar disorder and anxiety, panic attacks, ADD. I 've been medicated most my life as well. My anxiety got so bad in high school that I had to be home schooled. I wake up in the morning feeling like my heart will explode for no apparent reason. I get intense irrational fear and intense impulses to harm myself because I just can 't take it and get frustrated I start throwing and breaking things I can 't stand to be alone a lot of the time. Xanax works fast and calms me down without knocking me out. Depending on the severity of my attacks I take up to 2 mg. No less than 0.5-1mg.
Ok girls if your reading this it 's because you are scared because u think ur pregnant and don 't understand plan b I sadly am 15 and had unprotected sex with my bf. I am on birth control but being stupid I was still scared even tho he didn 't cum inside of me so I took plan b anyways the week after I had sex again unprotected but this time he cummed inside and that scared me so even tho I am on birth control I took plan b about 30 hours later I have had awful side affects dizziness, being nauseous and headaches have been killing me for about a week now I was supposed to get my period last night during the night and I didn 't so I started getting really scared but tonight I finally got it and it was a big relief!!! Plan b works don 't worry!!!!
Stopped the symptoms (heartburn and reflux) immediately and completely. No side effects. For me, a wonder pill.
This medication is brilliant.  Completely got rid of my depression and social phobia. I take 75mg/day.  The SSRI 's didn 't really work.  Was laying on the bed all day thinking of suicide and death.  After I started Nardil my life completely changed.  Thank goodness for the medication.
I 'm 65, female and last night I took my first pill.  I 've had Hep C since about 1975.  I looked at that pill a long time before I took it.  It seems too good to be true and I 'm afraid of the side effects.  Still this morning I still feel the same as ever.  It would be nice if it just continued this way.  I will make it through this treatment and I will get cured.
I don 't get headaches very often, but when I do they are bad. I take Excedrin, and it is gone in 20 minutes. 
I was very very bad at one point with my anxieyy and depression and the OCD, they were all working together against me, the horrible disgusting thoughts from the OCD was driving me into constant panic attacks and anxiety through the roof! Which drove me to stay in doors and avoid triggers which then pushed me into a deep deep depression, I 've been on zoloft now for about 6 months on a low dose of of 50mg, and I feel much better! I was able to go out and get a job which I am excelling at and got three raises in 4 months! I have felt a bit of the anxiety and ocd poking out once in a while but I may need to raise the dose but over all this med had changed my life so far, if you are in a rut and are down don 't give up you can regain your life back!
I am allergic to most antibiotics, including Amoxicillin and Erythromycin. Upon reaching my 8th month of pregnancy, my family all came down with bronchitis and unfortunately I caught it as well .. the doctors prescribed me the Z Pack and within 24 hours I felt tremendously better, which says a lot, considering I was in so much pain I could hardly even function. It took away the body aches, the hot/cold sweats, the fever, and suppressed my coughing. Of the few antibiotics I 'm able, the Z Pack always has and will be my first choice - it never ceases to amaze me at how quickly and effectively it works! My whole family swears by it. Highly recommended, 10/10, and two thumbs up. The occasional side effect is worth it!
After trying the patch, ring, and several pills I was recommended Levora by my doctor. It made my flow lighter and period shorter. I am sensitive to different birth control and the doctor said it is probably the additives. I went to planned parenthood for Levora but they do not carry that exact brand. This time they gave me Chateal to try. If you are having a problem with pills from the clinic it can be because of the additives, sometimes it is worth paying the $20 for name brands at the pharmacy. You can get a discount card to make it less expensive. I am worried to try another brand at this point.
Had the IUD inserted on 08/01/2016 in August, no cramps initially but About 2 hours after the insertion i started feeling cramping but nothing Advil and a warm towel didnt help with.  My periods before the IUD were a maximum of 2 days and VERY light. With the IUD, my periods are 4 days long with Heavy bleeding on day 2 and 3, but a SUPER tampon and a pad could help you with that. Overall i am satisfied with the product but everyones body IS DIFFERENT! DO NOT let others reviews turn you away from giving this product a shot. If it doesnt work for you you could always have it removed.
I was given Levaquin for a urinary tract infection after first trying Bactrim, which didn 't work.  I was really worried to use Levaquin because I read alot of bad reviews for it.  However, the only effect I had was that I felt speedy the first day I took it.  Subsequent days, I did not have this problem and I made sure to take it in the morning so it wouldn 't affect my sleep.  It cured my infection wonderfully, and I had no upset stomach or yeast infection after effects.  Three months later, I got another urinary tract infection, and Levaquin again did the trick.  I really like this antibiotic!
I have type 1 diabetes and because of high blood sugar levels I used to suffer from yeast infections at least twice a year. A friend told me about acidophilus pills and I am forever grateful. I take them by mouth a couple of times a month to prevent yeast infections and if I ever feel one coming on or just generally feel any kind of irritation I will break a pill in half and wet it a bit so its more comfortable and insert into the affected area. You definitely need to get comfortable with yourself to do that, but it 's so worth it. It won 't completely break down and might come back out after a couple days, but it works. Taking too many by mouth gave me a little bloating and gas, but I 'll take that over the painful infections. I hope this helps
I started the medicine 4 days ago and down 4 pounds already!  It curbs my appetite and I don 't snack eat like I use to.  I have also noticed that I have more energy which keeps me moving throughout the day and wanting to walk when I get home!  So far so good!  I also feel focused!! I think the energy is helping boost my metabolism!
I was diagnosed with PCOS in 2013 but did not start taking Metformin seriously until late 2014.  I am also prediabetic, which is what has jump started my desire to seriously lose weight.  I cannot speak for blood sugar levels as I have not had them rechecked, nor have I gotten my cycle back, but I also have a significant amount of weight to lose first.  I definitely experience upset stomach and pretty intense diarrhea; however, this only seems to happen if I do not watch my carb and/or sugar intake.  If I eat sensibly, I have little to no issues in the side effect department.  I am losing weight and moving more, and hope to one day not need medication anymore.
Hello all! I am sharing this because I want to reassure everyone that this drug does its job extremely well. I recently had gone off the pill and hadn 't had sex in a month due to me and my long term partner being split. We decided to get back together and have sex, however, it was unprotected and his sperm did go inside of me. I am almost positive I was on my most fertile day but here I am, 12 days later after taking the Plan B and I am not pregnant. I took it within two hours after having unprotected sex. I had lots of breast tenderness and swelling, mood swings, and right now I am experiencing heavy cramps. But I do want to ease people 's minds that this medicine is highly effective and it has relieved me because I am not ready for a bab
Never had any side effects from this medication apart from some occasional spotting. I had to switch due to no one carrying it where I moved too. I was overall very happy with this product.
I have had my Mirena for three months now. Insertion was only painful when measuring the uterus. I am a small girl (5 '1 and 90 pounds) so this could be why it was painful. I had cramps for a few days but a heat pillow solved that. I had zero spotting after insertion and haven 't had a period since. Though my chest has grown about one size (nothing to complain about) and blemishes are starting to appear. My waist has become more curvy and sex drive more intense. Altogether I absolutely love it!
For the people who are worried about taking Tamiflu because of vomiting or worse symptoms, there is no need. I was worried of vomiting when my doctor prescribed it too me. To lessen the chance or basically exterminate the chance of vomiting, have a snack or a meal and you won 't feel a thing. It will feel like your taking a regular medicine.
Been on it reluctantly for two years at first did not work, tried others and went back to it. Originally 100mg no sex drive and extreme tiredness, cut in half deal with very very mild thoughts and occurrence of negativity, the sex drive modest and normal. So at 50mg slights on everything but able to function and think out problems instead of reacting horrible.
I take trazodone to help balance the effects Cymbalta had on my sleep and to help with my depression. My experience has been wonderful, helps me fall asleep and sleep restfully. Together with Cymbalta, Trazodone has completely eradicated my depression.
My husband tested positive for the flu on 2nd day of having symptoms. His Dr prescribed Tamiflu for both he and I since I slept in same bed while he was sick. One day later, I started to feel symptoms as well...aches, chills &amp; fever. I immediately started the tamiflu &amp; was only out of commission for 1 full day. Tamiflu is amazing if you start it early enough.
I had my thyroid removed 3 years ago. I have been on various T4 supplements since: Synthroid, levothyroxine, Tirosint and continued to complain of fatigue, fogginess, wt gain, achiness, shortness of breath at exercise. FINALLY switched doctors as my Indian doctor would not try Armour. The new nurse practitioner looked at my labs: high T4, nonexistent T3. She switched me back to Synthroid and decreased the dosage, then added, for the FIRST time, Cytomel (T3). Within 3 days I have noticed a HUGE difference. So happy and still know the time test. BUT, fog is lifting, energy level increasing, sleeping well, HAPPY. I am hoping this continues. Noticed a slight headache at first but not bad. Will continue to cautiously be excited that we are ON to something.
I 'm currently 22 and I 've had my IUD for close to four years (March) I love it. I do have to warn though. It does cause heavier periods for the first few months. Mine went from three days to about a week long. There will be cramping. It is painful some days. But I 've never had cramps to begins with. So this was new. If you can get through the first 4-6 months of this, it is the best form of birth control. I always recommend it to my lady friends.
Hideous fungus under all 10 toenails since age 12, I 'm 52 now. My life is changed, since in adolescence and even until today, I have hidden my toes and suffered ridicule and embarrassing questions. Been taking the drug for 4 mths as I write this.  It 's a miracle. Big toenails have cleared beautifully to 50% and all other 8 nails are at 90% or better. Taste impacted minimally(temporary). Liver function normal. Just do it.
Headache
My new GP has been recommending Valium for over a year for chronic mid-back/facet joint paint and intermittent neck pain (bad disks from C3-C5) and sciatica/torn labrum at right hip, but I resisted her recommendation.  The chronic back pain flares every night, and often wakes me up and forces me out of bed.  It takes several hours for the pain to recede every morning, which is demoralizing.  Three nights ago I started taking 5 mg of valium at bedtime, and each morning I 've awakened with less and less pain so that I 'm hardly taking any pain medication during the day.  Fingers crossed that I can continue to take this dose at bedtime - the other testimonials on this website are giving me hope that this might be the case!!  Hallelujah!
First had implanon then got Nexplanon, had a period first month and I have not had one since. I 'm due to remove it next year.  I do notice spotting  sometimes for a day but it honestly  usually coincides with when I 'm stressed. Had some weight gain also.So far the best BC I 've  had in all my years.  I plan on trying for a baby next year then I will be back on it.
I have taken this medicine for 7 years. Gained lots of weight, now on Weight Watchers Diet and lost 16lbs so far.  Very happy now. At 45mg had bad restless legs, reduced to 30mg and sleep great 9 or 10 hours. Had intolerable insomnia my entire life before.  Wonder what would happen if reduced it to 15 mg. Also added 20 mg Prozac for daytime energy and works great.
Binders made of lactate are not good for my stomach, the 443 and dark blue pill work best for me.
I also have knee pain, shoulder pain, elbow and hand and finger pain.  Norco seems to work best on the knee pain.
Began taking Qsymia 3.75 in June 2013. Its one year later I have lost 80 pounds. At the low dose I experience few side effects while still suppressing my urge to overeat. I 've used My Fitness Pal to track my 1200-1500 calories a day menus. No sugar cravings any more. For the last few weeks I have diminished my dosage to 3 times a week as I 've approached my maintenance weight goal. The weight loss has been easy. Now to figure out how Q can help me maintain the loss.
Some of these experiences are quite alarming! I never experienced the really harsh side effects such as depression, suicidal thoughts and any other bad side effects. I 've been taking Concerta ever since I was 8. I was taken off of Concerta when I was 21 and I actually went down hill after that. I lost a lot of my friends and I can 't control my thoughts, day dreams and mood swings and my performance at my job declined rapidly to the point where I almost lost it. I am 23 now and just got back on Concerta and am super happy with how it has organized my mind! .
I can 't function without it. I 'm 20 years old and it turned my life around, the only thing was it gave me heart palpitations but its easily curable with a lower dose. I was taking 20 mg. I 'm going to try it 10 mg. Too much makes you stay up for ages.
I have been struggling with my weight for some time now and decided to speak with my Internist to see if she would give me a script for something that would curb my appetite for sweets &amp; fast food. She prescribed Contrave, honestly I 've never heard of this drug before. Did some research &amp; read everyone ' 's comments and honestly, I was frightened by the many side effects. I 'm so desperate to lose the weight, I started my first dose today. I took the pill around 7:30 this morning and didn 't begin to feel nauseated until around noon. Since most of the suggestions, said to drink water to help with the nausea. I found when I ate a few saltine crackers the nausea went away. Then came a slight headache. Other than that, I 'm fine. Good luck everyone
Long story short: I 've never been able to take a BCP that didn 't cause dibilitating side effects until now!!! I can 't believe it!For years I have tried many different birth control methods including combination pills of all kinds and the ring. With each one, I would have terrible nausea, intractable vomiting, and eventually migranes.At first, my doctor told me I just needed to stick with it longer. Well, when I had to pull over on my ten minute drive on the highway to vomit on my way to work, I decided I couldn 't do it anymore.I recently got a new midwife. She suggested this and I 'm SO HAPPY. It 's been about a week and I 've had absolutely zero side effects. Call me crazy, but I think my libido and mood have actually elevated?
I got epiduo the summer of 7th grade bc my acne was horrible and nothing seemed to clear it up. I went to the dermatologist and he gave me epiduo and a facial wash. by the time summer was over, I had very clear skin. although it took a while to kick in, as long as you are consistent with it every night you will see results. I also had to use a night cream bc it made my face dry. but I just used an over the counter one and it worked just fine.
I am 10 weeks into the 12 week treatment with interferon, ribavarin, and Sovaldi. This is my 2nd time around on treatment. My first was with interferon, ribavirin and Victrelis.  I relapsed  the first time and was very very ill during the entire 7 months. This treatment with Sovaldi is a cake walk. The side effects are so minimal compared to last time. I am ill, weak, have insomnia, bone pain and fever but I can do this for 12 weeks if it means a cure. I am so thankful for Sovaldi. I was very hesitant to start treatment again but I am so glad I did. My insurance covered some and Sovaldi covered the difference up to $5 per month. Thank you.
I have suffered with low back pain - 2 surgeries for spinal fusion as well as any other procedure out there.  I now have a rod in my spine with 6 screws to secure a failed fusion.  I have been on Norco for two years and tried going up to oxycodone or percocet and found the Norco much more helpful so switched back.
Istarted taking Sertraline 11 months ago due to anxiety caused through major life traumas and problems but work tipped me over the edge.  I felt like i was unable to smile fuction talk and walk some days horrible feeling so went to Doctors and started treament.  No side effects and after 2 weeks the black cloud lifted from my life!  I cant tell you how brilliant i feel im generaly happy calm and do not over react anymore.  I do not plan on coming off this medication at all... I am 52 years old.
Works every time.
I have had no negative side effects wit this birth control. I have tried about ten different kinds of birth control pills before trying Depo and all of the pills made me an emotional mess. I have no complaints about Depo, I didn 't gain weight, no periods, no crazy emotions.
I got the Nexplanon in August, 2 months after having my 2nd son. I had my period September but for 3 weeks! I hated that part. It is now October and I haven 't had my period. I am going to take a pregnancy test, just in case. But I hope it 's just the birth control causing me not to have started yet.Other than that I love this form of birth control and will definitely get it again. I did have hives and still get them but its nothing manageable and not enough to give it a bad rap.
I have been taking Seroquel 200mg for over a year for Bipolar Disorder. After years of taking antidepressants I couldn 't figure out why they weren 't working.  I was having really bad manic episodes that would last days to weeks, in which I was staying up for days at a time, spending money I didn 't have and extreme OCD.  My anxiety and mood swings were spinning out of control and I was failing as a mother.  I started therapy and Seroquel and noticed an immediate difference in my manic episodes and insomnia.  I gained weight at first but have since lost it over the course of the year.  I am taking Aderrall during the day and I am back in college, working as a full time accountant and am able to relax at night with my family.
I always get nausea and vomiting with anesthesia even when taking other anti-nausea meds. Was given Emend prior to gallbladder removal. Woke up with absolutely no nausea. Worked great for me!
Methylphenidate has changed my life.  My depression is almost nonexistent now.  I have also stopped dwelling on problems.  I take 54 mg methylphenidate xr, along with 225 mg effexor xr.
I am a 35 year-old female. I 've always been a melancholic person (given my family history of anxiety and anger issues) but when I was younger, I have been able to experience some happiness. As I got older and had two kids, it got worse. I would get angry or sad at a drop of a hat, after which I would sink into depression. It also became more difficult to manage stress and anxiety. I began seeing a therapist who suggested that I get a physical with my primary care physician and ask if I can get a prescription for anti-depressants. I was put on 10 mg. of Lexapro. During the first few days, I was light-headed, groggy, and aware of every sensation in my body. I was also very thirsty. After a week, I felt the benefits. I feel happy again.
If you get a cold sore outbreak in your mouth. Don 't walk, RUN to the nearest medical practitioner that can give you a prescription of Acyclovir. Usually an outbreak would last me 3 weeks with just using over the counter creams. With the medication, my mouth was back to normal after 4 days.
I can only review the insertion as I have just gotten Paragard today. I am in my 20s and have never had a child or iud. I was prepared for the worst, but in reality it was about 30 seconds of discomfort, followed by a few hours of light cramping. No actual pain, and insertion was not accompanied by bleeding.
I didn 't get motion sickness until AFTER we got off our 7 day cruise.  I have been fighting nausea and dizziness for a week now (The doctor said it is normal to suffer this after a cruise), after reading these reviews, I went and bought Bonine. I took one pill and I feel great!  Sure wish I had researched this a week ago!
I have been a heavy opiate user for 15 years.  I did have years staying &quot;clean&quot; using soboxone but once I got divorced I became depressed and relapsed.  My addiction took off and I ended up using IV heroin and at that point trying to go back and use soboxone to stay clean was impossible. It took a overdose and 30 day treatment to make the decision to get the injection and it saved my life, best drug in the world.  I know people have fears of breaking a bone or being in severe pain while being on a long lasting opiate blocker but as a paramedic there is 1 opiate narcotic that will not be blocked by vivitrol...I won 't tell you which but all docs and paramedics know...so have no fear, DO IT! I have never been happier
I have been on this medication for a month and I have not experience one side effect.  SO MUCH better than the shots. We will see later if it is as effective as they say it is.
Wanted to share this with everyone. I was given this mediation 6 years ago. I had a lot of problems like fibromyalgia, migraines, depression, insomnia, IBS -C. I was taken a lot of different meds for all these problems, but nothing worked. When I was first put on this medication at 25mg I could sleep for the first time in years. I was waking up on the morning refreshed and happy. I noticed about 6 months later my migraines were not as often as I normally would have them. As time went on I needed my meds to be increased. I now take 150mg. This drug is a life saver. My fibromyalgia pain is less, migraines less, anxiety way less and it also improved my IBS C symptoms. I would recommend this Medication to anyone with any of these problem
Usually 7 day without issues. Well tried the 3 day and boy the itching and irritation is super intense for a while on day 1. Mercy! I 'll be going back to the 7 day in the future lol.
I have been taking Klonopin for MANY years. I started having weird feelings, like I was going to die, I kept ending up in the ER. The doctors kept telling me it was Anxiety. I DIDN 'T understand why anxiety would make me feel this way. When the Anxiety would kick in, I literally thought I was dying. My heart would race, my body would get tingles and I would feel chokingness. It was scary and still is. I have tried many, many anxiety medicines, Paxil, Effexor, Xanax, Lamictal, Geodon, and many more. NONE have worked the way Klonopin works. With Klonopin I feel safe and I do not get the jittery feelings. I am so grateful to have a medication that actually works for me. If I miss a dose I will get severe anxiety and a panic attack.
I have been self medicating for years with tramadol. I suffer from anxiety, panic attacks, and depression. I was taking way to much tramadol to cope with life and was spending money I didn 't have to buy it! It 's a miracle that this drug works so great! I was at the point where all I did was sleep and dodge all things social! I 'm only on day 3 and I already feel the pre depression me returning! Oh, I also take vistaril when the panic and anxiery really hits! I 've only taken my 10 mg Lexapro and one 25 mg Vistiral this morning and I feel great! It doesn 't give me the euphoric feeling that tram does but this is so much better! I almost feel normal! If I feel this great already I can only imagine how much better it 'll get!
I am 6 weeks pregnant and ended up with my first UTI. I was prescribed Macrobid because I am very allergic to Sulfa antibiotics, which landed me in a hospital a few years back. Upon reading the reviews I was so incredibly terrified to take this medication, but I had no choice. I 'll consider myself lucky, but so far I have found that Macrobid is actually quite tolerable. I 've been a bit more tired and achy than usual and had some mild nausea, but nothing too severe. I have found that taking with a full meal is critical and drinking TONS of fluid (water/Gatorade) helps with side effects. But for me this is really a reminder to take reviews with a grain of salt - you really have no idea how your body will react until you try it yourself.
I have had migraines since I was 12 yrs. Old, I am 67. As a child I just suffered all the time. When I was in my late 20 's, fiorinal was the answer. It did help. There have been a couple of others (can 't remember the name). Then imitrex came out. Didn 't work. I did not find relief, even with addition of percocet until maxalt came out. Thank heavens. Mostly 20 days per month. I learned very quickly first sign for me is a slice of pain, then I immediately take the maxalt. Within a half hour, 99% gone. I have been so fortunate to have medicine coverage through private employer insurance with reasonable copay, otherwise it would affect my ability to support myself. I take over 12 meds per day..No interactions
My a1c is in the normal range now, and I have lost 42 lbs. All my labs are great due to the weight loss. I have been on 10mcg for over 2 years. My last a1c was so good last time, my doctor wants me to decrease to 5mcg. I have been to several dermatologists over the last 2 years trying to figure out why I am having hair loss, unhealthy hair, and change in texture. I never wanted to attribute it to the Byetta although the hair loss started a few months after I began taking it. I am now so desperate to stop the hair loss, I 'm considering stopping the Byetta. I can 't decide which would be worse - being bald or gaining back 42 pounds! I would really love to know if the person who recently posted had any hair regrowth after stopping Byetta.
This product has worked 100% for me. It did take a full 3 months to show full effect but truly- that 's it- one year on and I no longer have acne at all ever- gone!!!I have had regular breakouts since I was a teenager and at aged 42 I had finally had enough of the itchy lumps and bumps. Sometimes these spots would come to a head, other times, just linger for weeks. My face look dirty and dull and often felt sore either before I squeezed a spot or after. I was prescribed Epiduo by my GP in Australia and although I did have some initial redness, soreness and peeling, my skin quickly adjusted and now for the first time since I was 10 years old my skin is clear, everyday, all year round. No breakouts, I just wish I 'd given it a try years ago
For the past few years I think I have suffered from anxiety. Couldn 't really put my finger on it until thanksgiving day. Everything was fine until it hit me out of no where. I remember feeling like my future was doomed. I couldn 't concentrate, I felt like I wasn 't myself. I completely lost it. It was like I was losing grasp of every aspect of my life. I cried and thought I was losing my sanity. It was the scariest thing I had ever experienced. After seeing 2 doctors the medicines they prescribed either didn 't help or maybe my anxiety got the best of me but finally my mom made me go to the ER and they gave me Celexa. The side effects where pretty bad but I stuck it out and I must say that almost 3 weeks in I 'm feeling back to myself.
Colazal completely rid me of all Crohn 's symptoms after years of suffering. I 'm worried now, after 4-5 yrs symptom free I need a kidney transplant. Will I still be able to use it if I get a flare up?
Have been taking for 40 plus years for migraines.  I use Fiorinal 3, only when Fiorinal does not work.  No side effects at all.
I&rsquo;ve been taking Yasmin for 6 years now and have had no issues! I switched to a cheaper brand that was similar to Yasmin for a couple months and I started to get multiple bladder infections so I switched back to Yasmin. Still no problems other than decreased libido.
I just started my 3rd month on Contave. I am currently down 26lbs. I did not notice a change in appetite until week 4-6. I did figure out if I take before dinner (not after) I eat less. I can not even eat 1/2 of what I used to eat. My only problem is terrible cotton mouth, jolly ranchers have become my best friend.
I was born into the middle of WWII in England and have Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Also was sexually assaulted at the age of 4 yrs. I came over here to the States at the age of 13 and it all went downhill from there. I have major depression and have been on Prozac for many, many years. I have also been taking Klonopin for as many years and it has given me some kind of normal life. I used to get the tremors so bad that the ambulance people thought it was a grand mal seizure attack. I still get these attacks once in a while but with the help of Klonopin I can actually calm myself back to a normal state of being. I wouldn 't call it a wonder medicine but it certainly helps me.
I took Lopressor for 24 years it worked very well in lowering my blood pressure and even calming my anxiety but lately it doesn 't work on me very well as before, I guess the doctor will change it.
Many people are unreasonably scared of Klonopin 's bad withdrawal dramas.Well... It is true. It is a painful process to get away from Klonopin once you stepped into its comfortable zone, but I want to say I would rather feel relaxed and comfortable than struggling with unnecessary anxiety caused by Neurotransmitter unbalances. This medication truly gave me a freedom from fear and agitation and get back to my life.
I am a 33 year old mother of 2 who was ready to give up on life.  Started taking 10mg of Lexapro and eventually increased to 20mg.  Have been taking for about a year and a half.  Although still dealing with a few side effects, (insomnia, weight gain, and waking up with headaches), Lexapro has truly saved my life.  I can now be the kind of mother and wife that my family deserves. 
I completely support the first review. I have had insomnia for many years and tried everything from herbs to drugs. And only this could help and provide a good rest during the night. I have already taken this medication for over 5 years, about 25mg not more. It is enough to get 8 hours with no dreams sleep !
I 've been on this birth control for about 3 years and it has been great. It does the job. I thought iId write this review because I didn 't see many write ups about the generic version (MyLan) and I have been on both the brand name (Generess) for about 2 years or so and then switched to the generic for price purposes and have been on that for at least a year. I started Generess when I was in highschool because I had really uncomfortable heavy 7 day periods and was also in a long term relationship. I am now in college and when I switched to the generic version I had no change in side effects or periods. I very rarely get a period (5 '4, 115 pounds) and had no weight gain that I can attribute to the pill. My skin is clear and never got pregnant
My stepson is now 13 years old and has been on 5mg dosage of Abilify for about 2-3 years.  We discovered it when we saw a commercial for a study involving autistic children with aggressive tendencies.  Since then, his behavior has improved 100% at both home and school.  The only side effect, as mentioned by others, is weight gain.  To this I say, take a more active role in your kid 's diet and force him/her to exercise.  This will offset the side-effects while still reaping the benefits.
DRINK LOTS OF WATER!!!!!I go every morning like clock work. But due to surgery I had to take pain killers and I wasn 't able to go for 4 days. My friend (who takes it regularly due to her celiac disease which causes her a lot of stomach issues) brought me a pack for me to use and she told me water is the key and it 's true.  After I took one, I read the reviews below and freaked.  You only need one. I took 1 pill at 7:30pm and with two bottles of 750ml of water. At 8am I started to feel a little cramp &amp; a light body ache and I had my bowel movement. Then another one 20 mins later and a third about an hour later. I had smooth clean bowel movement each time. DRINK WATER and 1 PILL!!!!!!
Started taking for a sinus infection.  By day three the searing ear pain was gone totally, my facial swelling was gone and my acne really improved!  There is a really funny taste in my mouth, but I notice it got better when I drink a lot of water. Great experience overall.
Best antibiotic I 've used. I 've never had a problem. And it always get rid of the problem.
Worked great!! A miracle! I smoked for 33 years and have now been smoke free for 4 1/2 years!!!
I love NuvaRing.  It 's so much easier than the pill and it makes me feel safer because it 's a lot harder to mess up.  The only problem is that it 's really expensive.
I hope my experience helps someone. I 'm 20 years old and had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on 11/04. It was about one week after my period had ended on 10/27 and technically during my sugar pill week. However, I missed a few pills during my month and knew I was not fully protected. The morning after I experienced bright red bleeding and feared that it may have been implantation bleeding (unlikely). I panicked and took Plan B 48 hours after. My period was one week late and came on 12/04, ~ one month after I took Plan B. I experienced extreme tiredness, swollen breasts (increased a cup size), cravings and light cramps all similar to pregnancy symptoms! Don 't panic. Allow your body to adjust there 's a great chance you aren 't pregnant!
My 8 year old was put on Keppra for complex partial seizures.  Except for some initial tiredness in the first two weeks she has had no side effects.  She takes 250mg twice a day.  She even won her age group in a 1mile race two weeks ago and her competitive soccer team won their soccer tournament this weekend thanks to some of the goals she scored.  I have noticed no difference in her school work or personality.  I am so thankful for this medicine that my daughter can continue her active life seizure free.
I have severe psoriatic arthritis and I 've had it since I was 18. I 've been on remicade for almost 10 years and I have almost no pain. My joints get a little stiff close to my infusion but that 's it. It is my miracle drug and I owe my life to it. I would be crippled without it.
I was on other proton pump inhibitors but had a constant headache while using them. Aciphex relieves my symptoms with no percieved side effects. Great drug and I 've been on it for over 10 years. I have no evidence of further esophageal erosion and have been diagnosed by biopsy of having Barrett 's esophagus. I can eat anything now.
I have been on 11 meds in 5 years.  MDD re diagnosed as Biplar1 three years ago.  Seroquel works for me.  Started on 25 mg q.d. But after psychotic break out am up to 400mg.  Plus 900mg Lithium.  I think we&rsquo;re getting close to right cocktail including Adderall and atavin when required.  No weight gain but have had eating binges.  Makes me sleepy but I&rsquo;m ok by 10:00 am with sheer guts and. Coffee.  I am thankful for these medicines.
I was diagnosed with collagenous colitis/microscopic colitis in October 2016. After going thru 2 different steroids and &quot;diets&quot; to try to improve my leaky gut this has proven the best yet. I 've been on it since November 2016, 1 packet a day. I was weary at first about taking it because it isn 't well studied but after 3 days of being on it I wasn 't having any more diarrhea. After about a week the cramping went away. I still need to watch what I eat, (not too much dairy, wheat, etc) but this makes it to where I can at least enjoy a meal without having to run to the bathroom 12 times a day. I 've had, I 'd say 3 &quot;flare ups&quot; in between starting this and now. Which are not even near as bad as they were without this medicine.
I 've been taking this medicine for over a year now. I have no side effects and it effectively gets rid of my pain. I 'm in no way addicted to or have anything bad to say about this medicine. It helps my back pain a great deal. I was taking oxycodone for 1 1/2 years before my spine specialist put me on this medication. I love that I 'm not tired and can do things again. Without it, I can 't even get out of bed and that 's no exaggeration I promise you. It 's done wonders for my back and the Lyrica has done wonders for the nerve pain in my leg.
I 'm a 72 year  'young ' female, and I have been taking Metoprolol Tartrate for 7 years, for PVC 's Premature Ventricular Contractions of my heart, and also for Tachycardia. I take 25mg. in the morning, and 25mg. about 11 hours later. The medicine has stopped my PVC 's, and also slows down my heart rate. When I first started taking Metoprorlol Tartrate, it made me very tired, but after about 2 weeks, my body got used to it, and I was fine.
I was diagnosed with CML in 2012 and started with tasigna and couldn 't handle the horrible side effects the I went to sprycel with horrible side effects to Gleevec and then back to a lower dose of Sprycel! Sense then I 've had mild skin irritation and my breast hurt but nothing I have become accustomed to, the worst part is the joint pain. But over all my CML is asleep and undetected in my blood as of today! So I will take the joint pain as long as I have to!
I always read reviews as I am always paranoid every time I take plan b. I 've taken it probably too much but for good reason. I don 't do well with birth control pills and am not always in a relationship. Since 2009, this pill has been effective for me. I weigh more than the recommended weight and have had sex during my fertile days. While I 'm not a medical professional, I do take a lot of vitamin c and parsley to get my period early to ease my stress. It works...relax.
So far so good. Good for me and I can take it everyday. Can 't remember the last time I slept 7 hours straight.
Zofran saved my life; literally. My morning sickness was horrendous, and this is the only thing that made me feel great!
I have used this pill twice. My boyfriend and i have been havjng unprotected sex for about 2 yrs. We usually use condoms and sometimes we do it without one. The first time i took the pill we weren 't sure if he had came in me. I took it the next morning and had no symptoms at all. Got my period on time. This is the second time i take Plan B. I took it after 30 mins of having sex.  And a week later im getting the worst cramps ever. I hope it works because I 'm stressing out.
I am allergic to caffeine and spicy foods that give me all kind urinary infections. However, just one Cipro pill makes the pain just disappear! I have no known side effect from Cipro. Cipro is simple awesome!
So I took plan b and it definitely worked, BUT the pain afterwards was TERRIBLE. The pain didn 't start until after a couple weeks I right before my period. The pain I had in my stomach was a pain I never felt before! I couldn 't even eat. As soon as I swallowed food it was pain I couldn 't eat for 3 days. I guess I can 't complain because it worked I rather that than a baby 
I have been taking Zoloft for 10  years. I take 100 mg daily. I have found that all of my symptoms have diminished. In times real stress, I take an extra pill. All I can say is that none of the previous drugs I took helped me at all. I have depression and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. At age 59 I still react to anything that sounds like gunfire. I spent 33 years working for the government, 2 in the Army the rest in law enforcement. I have found that I have no issues to deal with. I did once while out of the country lose my prescription while backpacking. It was horrible for me and my two friends. I take my pill in the evening before bed. No side effects at all. I found Zoloft to be a God send for me.
I developed Rosacea when I was pregnant with my first child (at age 39).  I never had skin issues before, even as a teenager.  I finally went to the doctor and was diagnosed with Papulopustular Rosacea (acne plus redness).  My doctor prescribed Monodox and it has worked WONDERS!  Within a week, almost all the pimples/bumps were gone. GONE!  I only hope that once I finish up the medication (60 days), it won 't all come back.  The downside is the cost.  Thankfully, my doctor gave me a discount card from the manufacturer that allows me to buy it for $10 per month.  Otherwise, it was $225 for 60 day supply.
Had disc replaced L5- S1 with laminectomy plus 2 rods and 4 screws inserted, pain was unbearable while taking Vicodin. Finally was prescribed 30mg oxycodone 3 times a day. I am doing things I haven 't been able to do in years. Excellent when taken as prescribed.
Since being diagnosed with Epilepsy I was put on pills to prevent seizures which did not help until I was also put on Loestrin 24 Fe. So far no seizures. I believe its related to a hormonal imbalance and the Birth Control definitely helps. I have not had any bad symptoms at all. No nausea, no mood swings. I have tried every single Birth Control I could think of and this is the only one I like by far. I plan to stay on it for another 6-12 months and try for baby #3.
Only thing I can say about the Loestrin 24 FE is AWESOME.  I have been on these pills for 6yrs now and in the beginning my period lasted 2 to 3 days and as time went on it decreased even more and went to 24hrs and my period was over. Later on it changed again and I came on and was off in 12hrs.  Today, I haven 't had a period at all I know in yrs. I love these pills but the only downfall is even though I don 't come on I still have the mood swings, irritating moments, feeling strange, headaches etc. but at the time when my period would have been ending that 's when everything goes away. I did used to worry in the beginning when I completely stopped having a period but now I know its just the way these pills are with my body.
Continued: I experienced some breast tenderness and slight breast growth (I ain 't complaining about that) I 'm currently in my second pack and experiencing no side effects at all! I am very happy with this medication and impressed with how well it worked out for me despite all the negative reviews. Don 't let the reviews frighten you, everyone 's BODY 'S are different so try it out for yourself!! :) good luck
I chose Mirena because I was having heavy periods with severe cramping along with terrible acne/pms symptoms. I am 27 years old and have never had children. I was very nervous before the procedure because of reading many terrible reviews. First off placement was the most painful experience thus far. Not even exaggerating.  I 've got a very high pain tolerance and I thought I was going to pass out. I left the office in some serious pain/cramping and it continued for about a day. I spotted for about a week along with minor cramps. It 's now been 2 months and I have not had any spotting/cramping or periods! My mood is better and for the first time in 10 years I haven 't had any acne breakouts. Also zero weight gain! I love Mirena, best choice ever.
It makes any impossible situation more possible, it controls violence rage temper anger towards others. Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, panic attacks and keeps you calm.  The best!
I was put on this medication along with a very low dose ACE inhibitor that controls my blood pressure. The Imdur ER is being used to alleviate my chest pain and it has done so completely. I have not have one single flair up at all since starting it! The only down fall is the headache that I have had. I am going to call my cardiologist today to see if I can take anything for that. I still give it a 10 even with the headache because the chest pain was worse than the headache!
It 's amazing how many symptoms come about because of anxiety: chest pain, chest squeezing, dizziness, light-headed feelings, feeling faint, sweating, nausea, heart palpitations. I could go on. Xanax is practically a miracle drug. It stops most of these symptoms cold after about 45 minutes of taking it. You feel better, and you look back at one hour ago, and you 're bewildered that stress and anxiety caused you to feel so badly.
After taking Chantix for smoking cessation I fell into a spiral of severe d&egrave;pression. I didn 't feel like leaving my home other than going to work  I gained 25 pounds and felt my life was hopeless   I had always felt like an extrovert trapped in an intraverts body. I stumbled upon  Valium when my husband gave me one for muscle cramps. The effects were amazing!  I no longer felt trapped in I my prison of isolation and misery. A word of caution though: this drug is addictive and should be taken in small amounts and withdrawal should be done slowly and under medical supervision. It is a shame Valium has such a bad rap
Stops the pain.
I am very happy with Concerta. I am 17 years old and started taking this about 3 months ago. Before I took this, I had a lot of trouble in school with paying attention and focusing, and after I took it, I noticed an immediate difference and it was so much easier to focus and pay attention. Another really positive feedback from Concerta is that it helps me engage in conversation more because I am more focused and I don 't interrupt people like I used to. Also, it helps me think things through more.
First had implanon then got Nexplanon, had a period first month and I have not had one since. I 'm due to remove it next year.  I do notice spotting  sometimes for a day but it honestly  usually coincides with when I 'm stressed. Had some weight gain also.So far the best BC I 've  had in all my years.  I plan on trying for a baby next year then I will be back on it.
I was on Sprintec for 5 months as my first birth control ever, and overall I liked it. Shorter periods, less cramps, great skin, so cheap, and never any spotting (only when I skipped my period on purpose, I spotted a week later for 2 weeks). Only problem is I gained about 15 pounds and my breasts got HUGE. Mine were already big and kept growing so I had to switch to a lower dose.  I would definitely recommend this birth control to anyone.
I 've only been on this form of birth control for less than 2 weeks, but so far so good! It 's my first form of the pill I 've taken and I feel just normal as ever! Only it 's nice to not have to worry about creating a little human all the time, since I am very sexually active, being married and all. I take it at 8 am every day. I wanted to add this because lots of reviews on here say they take it at night and feel horrible all night or next morning. So maybe that 's because they take it at night? Of course I don 't know. But they say not to take this pill on bed rest or anything, so maybe. I 'll keep ya 'll updated if anything bad happens. But so far I 'm lovin it!
I 've been taking Ocella for 4 months, and so far everything is going great.  I feel normal, my period comes on time every month, and my period is not as heavy.  Occasionally, I feel nauseous around my period, but that side-effect occurs with or without birth control.  I would recommend this oral contraceptive to anyone who is between late teens and early twenties.
I am 24 and for years I have struggled with my weight. It wasn 't super serious until I got in a relationship- I gained nearly 40kg in under a year. At my heaviest I was 116kg. I see a personal trainer, go to Zumba, and I thought I was eating well- nothing helped me shed the weight. I got tested for thyroid issues and PCOS- neither explained my inability to shed the Kgs.I started this drug about 17 days ago. My starting weight was 106.7kg- I now weigh 100.4kg. It has completely changed how I view food, what I crave, and made me realise that whilst the foods I was previously eating were good foods, I was eating far too much because my body had forgotten how to recognise true hunger. I am so excited- it is so worth the money. 10/10!!!
I had a terrible case of Chronic Prostatitis caused by enterococcus. All antibiotics that this bacteria was sensitive to would not enter the protaste gland properly. My doctor prescribed 6 others antibiotics before Avelox. Thank God Avelox killed this nasty infection.I had to take it for 6 weeks. After the second week I was feeling normal again (after 10 months of fighting). Magic little red pills.
This is an AMAZING product.  I STRONGLY RECOMMEND TRYING IT.  Truly a must try.
This is my miracle. I was put on it in Germany and had to go off it until I had insurance again. I suffer from depression and anxiety. Often I would find myself stuck in a daydream world because of all the things going on in my life, including my partner of years (15-25). I would have no energy and just feel so low. Finally I had insurance and was put on 1800mg a day. I feel so much better. I feel like I can handle life and set goals for myself. I don 't feel anxiety. I don 't sit here and think of the negative and focus on a positive life. I am more fun and interactive with my son. It literately saved my life. I don 't know why.
During a migraine attack, I took a Dramamine to help me sleep (as, yes, it packs a wallop in the drowsy department). It did make me a little drowsy, but what was more interesting is that my migraine went from a &quot;10&quot; to a &quot;4&quot; on the pain scale. Now when I start to get migraine symptoms, I take an Excedrin and a Dramamine. The combination works tremendously for me.
I struggled with symptoms of PMDD for a while and finally my doctor put me on Aviane to regulate my hormone levels and thus, mood. Aviane made my breasts larger but increased my acne and oily skin like crazy and made me more depressed and emotional! I normally have clear skin, so the acne was horrible for me. I asked to switch to Ortho-Tri Cyclen Lo. Since I 've taken OTC-Lo (for 6 months), I 've noticed my skin cleared up (although I still have minor acne compared to when I was off the pill), and it helped with my mood swings tremendously. Although a bit more pricey ($15 copay), I am very happy with the improvement in mood that OTC-Lo has given me, which is a much better gain compared to the minor acne I am still experiencing.
I take opiates every day, and a side effect of this is severe constipation. I would often go weeks without having a bowel movement. When I did go, it was painful and required a lot of work and time. I have tried other solutions and MiraLax is the best by far. I took one cap full every day and on the second day I had a small bowel movement. I kept taking it and the very next day I had the first normal bowel movement in years. No cramping, no straining and no pain. I cannot recommend MiraLax enough. It is so gentle, yet works so well! If you suffer with constipation don 't suffer anymore! Try MiraLax!
Fast acting for chronic pain, the ONLY downside is a shorter time period of relief then other pain medications.
Went to the doctor to help with a clonidine taper. Clonidine was prescribed for methadone withdrawal along with Valium. Got off the methadone pretty easy considering how messed up I was. Now stuck with physical clonidine addiction after being on it for 3 months. Was prescribed propranolol for day time control of rebound high blood pressure and withdrawal anxiety and so far it is working amazingly. I feel like I could talk in front of 100,000 people and not flinch in fear. Because propranolol has its own withdrawal if you are on it too long just like clonidine but at least this time I am aware of the possibility rather than blindly taking some medication.
I have been taking Celebrex now for a little over 30 days. I am 30 years old and have suffered from chronic arthritis pain for over 10 years. I have had two ankle surgeries leaving me with what feels like no relief. My last surgery was over 2 years ago and did provide SOME relief but not completely. Since I?ve been on Celebrex I can honestly say it?s been a blessing in disguise!!! I went from 2-3 days a week of pain and discomfort to virtually none.
After getting shot in my lower back, my back got torn apart. It took 7 surgeries, and the pain is unexplainable. It 's not 10/10 pain, It 's more like 20/10 pain. My PM doctor put me on Methadone 10mg 4x daily,  and Oxycodone 30mg 6x daily. Those are 2 of the strongest Pain meds out there. Now my pain level is about a 5/10. Big improvement. The Methadone helps A LOT. I was first put on Fentanyl 50mcg patch along with the Oxy, my pain then was 8/10.. still too much pain. After getting switched to Methadone with the Oxy.. huge difference. Methadone is the best Painkiller I 've ever tried. TY Methadone.
Helped a ton post-partum. Suffered depression long after both my babies were born. Insomnia is common and I took sleep aids for the first year. Any tiny disturbance in taking it is NOT RECOMMENDED...Worst I have ever felt.  The &quot;brain zaps&quot; are like a special kind of torture and my appetite is simply non existent...not good for someone already under weight.  It saved me for a long time but the choice to come off was heavily weighed against the withdrawal symptoms. I am suffering through it a week later. Anxiety getting better but physically there is not much change.
I am a 42 yr old mother. I have been depressed all of my life. Never been happy more than a few weeks at a time. I have tired a few different mess but no real change. I would also self medicate with alcohol. At least once a week I would get to drunk I would black out. As you probably figured that caused a lot of problems in itself. I started taken Brentellix 6 moths ago and I have NEVER been so happy in my entire life! I love it! It really changed my life for the better. No more drinking! At all. I 'm so happy and my family has also seen the change are are more happy.
I love this birth control because no spotting between periods. A little emotional from the birth control. No mood swings. My last birth control made me bleed constantly every month so I stopped taking it and then I got pregnant and then I went on this birth control and I could be happier. I just wish it wasn 't so expensive.
I had been on Lexapro/Celexa/Citolopram for the past 10 years (maybe a couple more) and it was fabulous!  About a year and half ago it stopped working for me.  I had tried Wellbutrin before the L/C/C and it was horrible for me - like wanting to hide in a corner under a desk paranoia!  My doctor sugested Viibryd after the L/C/C stopped working and so far so good.  I can 't attest to the GI problems, and I don 't know if I have the night time issues (I sleep like a log and am single so no one is there to tell me what is going on while I 'm sleeping).  I do have sleep issues, but not related to Viibryd.  I have found that the Viibryd doesn 't help with anxiety/anger issues, so the doctor suggested adding L-Theanine and that helps tons!
Have smoked for 12 years,  I was smoking a 40 pack (Australia) in less than 24 hrs.I went on Champix and after 2 weeks I was a non smoker and no side effects. Normally I 'd be clawing at the walls of my house if I didn 't have a cigarette for a hour, now my cigarette addiction is comparable to eating chocolate, I 'd like some but I can go without.I also have ADHD which makes smoking a lot more pleasurable and a lot more addictive.
Temporal lobe w/ Mesial temporal sclerosis. Using 8 weeks. Sometimes headaches or dizzy, frequent minor muscle tremors and twitching, shortened menstrual cycle, sensitive mood. Always tired and not very productive, sleep more. Went from monthly 2-5 day blackout seizure binge with 2-5 day recovery, so far only 1 minor convulsion while conscious with mostly full recovery by morning. Major improvement.
This medication completely changed my life for the better.  Also having a thyroid autoimmune disease, menopause was worse for me, a bad endocrine &quot;cocktail&quot; as it were, and I was for almost a year brought to my knees with 20 or more knee buckling hot flash episodes a day that caused so much joint and limb pain I couldn 't walk, severe depression, was nearly bedridden from lack of energy and episodes that were almost anxiety attacks (never had them before).  Within 3 weeks of taking FemHrt, it nearly all ceased.  I got my life back.
I am a 28 year old female and my highest weight was 217 lb I am very active and work out 4 times a week at least but suffer from hashimotos thyroid along with Ibs-c. I have been to a handful of Specialists over the course of 10 years and used to have to run 2 hours a day just to keep my weight stable. My doctor recently added T3 to my regular levothyroxin everyday and I noticed more energy but my weight still clung on. She started me on a two-week trial of Qsymia (while trying to get approval from my insurance company) the first few days I felt foggy and very thirsty. I am now on day 11 and dropped 7 lbs still working out the same I never had much of an appetite and don 't eat many fatty foods which is why we looked into this medication
My girlfriend and I had sex during her fertile period, the condom broke and we didn 't realize. She took the pill around 8 hours later and it worked, she got her period! I have read in some journals that the pill may not work during the fertile period so be careful! Anyhow for us worked :)
I 've only been using Nucynta for a couple of days, but so far it is working very well for me with very minimal side effects.  I have chronic sciatica and have been on and off of low does Hydrocodone for a couple of years now.  I 've been taking 50mg of Nucynta 2-3 times a day.  This seems to work almost as well on the pain and just seems easier on my body.  It does make me a bit &quot;loopy&quot; and a little groggy, but no more than the hydrocodone.  I also have noticed that I 'm not as hungry, which is not necessarily a bad thing!  I will be interested to see how it works over time and whether it continues to work well over a period of time.
Took medication for 7 days only side affect I had was  that I couldn 't have sex for 7 days :(
I had excruciating lower back pain along with sciatica. Had shot I hip about 4 hrs ago. Pain is almost gone. I still have a little sciatica, but that takes a few days to heal . Dr also prescribed Vicodin but don 't think I will need it tonight. I could barely walk before the dr visit. Now I am much better. No drug works for everyone, but it 's worth a try. Hope you all feel better!
I was signed up to have the gastric sleeve procedure done but cancelled a few days prior wanting to try again to lose the weight on my own. I was 245 pounds March 28th and am 5 '5. I started Phentermine shortly after that. I am currently 209lbs and it is July 22nd. Very happy with the results. Glad I didn 't have the operation even if I would be skinner now the risks were just too scary for me to go through with it. I would love to get down to 160lbs! I am going to keep chugging along.
I have always taken Bactrim for a UTI and it has always worked with zero side effects.  I took two every 12 hours for ten days and I 'm perfectly fine now. 
Started effexor 75 in Oct start feeling fantastic beside dry mouth and a bit of nausea. Doctor up it to 150mg in November. I felt like a whole different person I got my life back but due to some side effects of the drug causing constipation and facial twitching in my lower lip and body jolts doctor tried to ween me off 150 mg taking one pill every second day it was too fast to soon. Wow just as well if I had done it cold turkey. Brain zaps, crying, feeling lost in my own body. Scared tremors.  It has been almost 2 weeks with no effexor and I have got vertigo, felt like I was going to die.  Today I started taking 150mg again today and already feel a difference. This could be my drug huge difference in mood ,zapping  gone and dry mouth is back I can live with that .
I had a great experience with this medication.  I had to go off all medication for a while but will ask for this again when I can resume. My doctor gave me Concerta and I didn 't think it was doing anything.  I felt calmer, the way you feel after a well rested vacation, but that was all the difference I felt. THEN my co-workers started complimenting me on my work more, saying I was doing much better (They were the ones that suggested I get tested for ADHD).
I am a mother of 5 and this is the second time round using the Implanon. The first time was much like this time round no period, weight gain from 75kg to 120 kg, mood swings, migraines. I 'm sure I had the whole package but in saying that, ladies...you should always read the information &quot;inside the pack&quot;. It tells you what you might experience and its pretty much what everyone is stating. You may or might not get it. You won 't truly know until you try it for yourself.
Saved myLife. I went from level 10 pain daily to almost no pain after the first infusion. I cry when I talk about how this medication as given me a whole new lease on life. It has literally saved my life. My pain was so bad in my wrists that I couldn 't do anything anymore. I was seriously thinking about suicide or just cutting my hands off. I 'm saved and I thank Remicade for it.
After about 7 years of struggling with severe, sometimes even deeply cystic acne on my face and shoulders, my dermatologist finally convinced me to try Accutane. I had been on at least 10 different topical and oral medications beforehand and nothing helped at all until I went on a 6 month Accutane regimen. It gets a little worse before it gets better, but I 'm on my last month now and I 'm 100% CLEAR! It 's so wonderful! However the medicine is really drying, especially on your lips and eyes (plus I wear contacts). You need to apply lip balm almost constantly but it 's worth it in the end! Also my arms dried out and were red and flaky for a few weeks, but a drugstore lotion cleared that up quickly. I would highly recommend Accutane to anyone!
The drug Plaquenil was used faithfully for three months for the treatment of sarcoidosis. My scalp was ozing, flaking and overwhelmed with hyperpigmented lesions. The hair was approximately 1/4 inch in length due to the severity of the outbreak. My scalp has healed and the hair is now 6 inches long. The Plaquenil allowed my scalp to resume normal hair growth.
Had my left eye destroyed by a broomstick in a fight.  Doctor gave me percocet!  What a joke, I was still in agony.  And Opana 10 ER did the trick.  
Had a endoscopy and colonoscopy today.  They used propofol and I felt briefly drowsy then woke up in recovery.  Alert, but slightly unsteady while dressing. But it passed quickly and got out to the car fine. Would definitely have this drug used the next time.
I put off trying Chantix for three years because I feared all its horrible side effects. My doctor convinced me to give it a try. If I started to feel weird I could just stop taking it, he said. Well, while  I was waiting for the depression and nightmares to start, I quit smoking.  Cigarettes started to taste funny the first week. In the second week I was down to five or six . In the middle of the third week I went smoke free for the first time in twenty six years. My dreams are vivid not scary. I 'm not depressed, I 'm thrilled to be a non smoker. Dry mouth and constipation are really the only side effects I noticed. Try it. Don 't let someone else 's bad experience stop you from saving your own life.
I have been taking opiates for about 2-3 years and was taking about 20-30 tablets a day. I just started taking Suboxone today. I have to take two 8mg pills a day at first them go down I guess. Im really excited about this pill and can 't believe I feel this good. No withdrawl symptoms. I have energy and am able to actually do stuff without taking so many pills. 
I have taken various doses of trazodone for Fibromyalgia and insomnia. I can fall asleep but wake up 3 hrs later. I take 50-100mg and fall back to sleep. Finally a more restful sleep. Ahhh!
I have been using Mirapex for two years for severe RLS.  Mine just showed up suddenly without warning and honestly barely slept for two months.  I went to numerous doctors who tried every type of sleeping pill including Ambien. I still didn 't sleep and with the Ambien I actually got into my car and drove and don 't have much memory of it until I hit the back of another car!  Finally I was placed on Mirapex and it is a miracle drug.  I literally was feeling suicidal until that was prescribed.  For me, it really needs to be taken early evening because if not I have problems because it takes awhile to take effect.
Rocephin is like a miracle I am always getting sick with ear infections, strep throat, and one shot is all it takes and with 2 to 4 hours I feel so much better.
Weight loss.   Glucose reduction , off insulin. Taking orals only.
A friend told me told me to cut the sheets into quarters. So I did. I forgot to mention in my last post that I am 29 now.  Anyway, I have only take 2 quarters of a sheet today and I feel great.  No withdrawals and no thoughts or wants for pain pills.  I actually took 5 lortabs to work with me yesterday just in case the Suboxone did not work.  I was very comfortable with flushing them down the toilet this morning.  I am so thankful for Suboxone.  Life is already 100% better and I am sure it will get better.  The only side effect is that it was difficult to go to sleep last night.  Suboxone is a life saver and I would recommend it to anybody.
Whenever I am in pain, this is my go to medication. I have a back, shoulder, neck, and foot injury and by rights should be on this medicine for chronic pain. For right now I only take it very rarely so that it works when needed, to avoid a tolerance. Because I am not working I am able to deal with the pain, however when I go back to work, I will most likely have to go on this medication or a similar one full time. The only thing I do not like is the fact that many of these narcotic pain medications contain tylenol, asperin, or ibuprofin which makes your kidneys, liver and other organs go through unnecessary stresses. I prefer it to be just oxycodone and if I need the synergy of tylenol I can add it on my own.
My boyfriend and I had sex on 2/6 around 5pm and the condom broke. I was scared that he didn 't pull out fully and accidentally finished inside me. The last time I got my period was on 1/22. I wanted to purchase Plan B but I didn 't get the pill until the next day around 12 pm. 5 days after taking the pill I was bleeding for about 4 days (super light). I was waiting and waiting for my period to come but nothing was happening. I was getting impatient and really nervous that I was actually pregnant so I went and bought a pregnancy test and it came out negative. I finally got my period today on 2/13 around 5 pm, I could not be happier. The pill works ladies so relax.
I have been diabetic since 1989 and have gotten worse over the years.  My A1C has been climbing steadily.  I take Metformin 2500 mg per day.  In March my Dr started me on Januvia also and I can 't believe the difference.  My A1C went from 9.4 to 7.0 in 4 months.  I am also surprised I haven 't had any side effects because it seems many meds bother me.  My problem now is my new health insurance won 't cover Januvia as of Jan 2016.  Yuck.
I 've had asthma ever since I quit smoking.  I 've quit twice and each time after 3 years, the asthma kicks in - bad!  I 've tried everything and am now on Dulera, which helped tremendously.  My insurance wouldn 't cover it; $375 for one inhaler.  Found PAN online and they are taking care of the cost.  If not for PAN, I would not be able to take Dulera.  However, after several months on this med, my teeth starting rotting - very quickly.  My dentist said he only sees this kind of deterioration in chemo patients and someone who hasn 't brushed in 20 years.  I 've had two teeth pulled already, and another is scheduled to be pulled.  Also, started with thrush a day ago and today I can barely move my tongue.  (Yes, I 've been rinsing.)
I was diagnosed with major depressive disorder in 2006. My depression comes in cycles, but I take this medication every day. I was on Zoloft for about 3 years off and on and gained about 30 pounds, was tired all the time, and had some discouraging sexual side effects to top everything off. I did my research and discovered Wellbutrin, which other people said was more stimulating and had no sexual side effects. I asked my doctor if I could switch and started tapering off Zoloft while starting 150 mgs of Wellbutrin. My doctor upped the dose to 300 mgs and I had never been happier! It has drastically changed my life. Lost weight and can get up in the morning without being a total grouch. I only gave it a 9 because of the cost.
Life is livable again. I have had no side effects. I stay very aware of the possibility for abuse so am very careful. I count my pills throughout the month and have to give a urine sample every couple months at the pain clinic. I have been on the same dose..60 mg every 12 hours for approx. 5 years. I cannot go back to life before I was placed on this medicine. There has been and always will be people who will abuse pain medicines and I can understand why doctors are so afraid to prescribe them but someone has to stand up and treat people like myself so we can get out of bed and face the day.
After having a heart attack I became very depressed.  I have been on Lexapro, Zoloft, Xanax, Ativan, Wellbutrin, and Buspar.  None worked and I attempted suicide.  I have Major depession and anxiety disorder, so take my comments in stride.  The right drug for you is out there along with intensive therapy.  I was switched to Effexor XR while in &quot;the funny farm.&quot;  After the typical waiting period for it to kick in, I can tell you I am a new man, looking at life like I used to.  It has saved my life and my family.It hasn 't done much for anxiety, so for the first few months after my severe &quot;episode&quot; I was on Seroquel. I have now been switched to clonazepam for that issue.  Please consult a proper medical person.
Cymbalta does indeed work. Most who have given it a fair shake know the results and it is seen by reading the comments here. Most people who quit using Cymbalta never gave it a &quot;real&quot; chance of working properly. For most people, Cymbalta starts working quickly, but some may take 2-3 weeks or more to get the full effect.
I have been on doxycycline hyclate (100 my once a day) for 3 months now and it has worked wonders for me. At first I was taking it on an empty stomach like it was recommended, but found that it gave me extreme nausea and stomach pains. I then started taking it 2 hours after my meals and my stomach pains stopped. Its taken a while for my body to get used to the medication, but after about a month my acne started to go away. At the 2 month mark all of my acne was gone. It takes time but it has worked wonders for me.
So I have been on the BuTrans patch 10microgram/hour for the last 5 months I took anti sickness tablets so I had no sick feeling or any side effects at all.  It has been a godsend this patch I 'm in no pain  I noticed in 4 days...I 'm from Ireland I fell and fractured my back in 5 places I was in severe pain with my back and spasms which left me sleeping in a chair for 3 months. Since I came on the patch I 'm back in my bed so this patch is the best ever in my opinion anyways hope this helps some one I 'm a 25 year old girl from Ireland 
Let me start by saying I am 59 years old. Until now, I have not had a problem losing when I needed to.  I am not big on diet pills so I was a little hesitant at first.  The 2 week free trial helped me decide to give it a try. The first 2 weeks I lost 6 pounds.  I lost a total of 45 pounds on this medicine!! and kept it off for a year!!  I have recommended it and so far have had several friends go on it an loose weight with equal success.  You have to cut back on food intake and exercise.  I highly recommend it!!
After getting it and reading on the Internet about it I was worried about taking it, but you know, Internet tends to dramatize thing. Been taking it for years now and still works amazingly, knocks me out in 20 minutes reliably, and keeps me down a good 8 hours. I 've never felt hangover effects from it whatsoever. In fact its quite the opposite; because when you 're not used to getting a decent night of rest, when you do, you 're damn right you 'll feel great. Everyone is different and it 's compatability with you simply has to be tested. All the Internet horror stories on this drug are inapplicable for my case. My only problem is, doctors are very stingy with dealing adequate amounts due to dependancies. Yes I 'm addicted, I 'm addicted to sleep.
Excellent cleared all symtoms in 24hours
Just got my IUD placed today! I was honestly so terrified to go I had put it off for a year now. It was the quickest, least painful procedure I 've had. My Dr paced a local anesthetic and I didn 't feel a thing.
Let me just start this by saying, you need to wait this birth control out. I had some moderate acne before taking the pill, and was needing to get back on a birth control and figured that yaz would be a good bet. Well, I have really zero side effects with yaz. Which I was so happy with. I still have a sex drive, I don 't get headaches, bitchiness, or stomach aches. Overall, great pill. I had read the reviews about the pill before going on it and noticed most people had an initial first break out period with it getting better until month 3, so true! The first two months were hell, terrible breakouts I would say the worst in my life. But I am now in month four, and am hardly breaking out! Wait it out, it will pay off!
This is the 2nd time I have been on this pill, the first time was in 2007 and I lost 78 lbs. Well I just started it again on 1/5/17 and I have lost 5 lbs. I tend to lose about 5-7 lbs a week on it in the past with no workouts but this time I am going to start the gym this week. I weigh 215 and I stand 5 '6 and my goal weight is 160...  The first 4 nights I could not sleep but now I 'm sleeping like a baby and feeling refreshed in the morning, I take my pill as soon as I wake up 
I am 60 and have ED. I have been taking Cialis and it has turned back the clock for me.  I take 10 mgs and 24hrs later I am ready for action. The effect lasts for 36 hrs. I can make love to my wife for 2 hrs straight and not orgasm. In the meantime my wife has had 3-4 orgasms. After resting a while we go at it again.In all sorts of positions. My wife keeps begging me to orgasm but I can hold on. Finally after a week of making love like this I decide to orgasm which is so intense and long! Both of us are so happy. Cialis rocks .
Worked quickly (or it was in my head), lots of yawning, by week 4 very drowsy in the morning on my 90 minute drive to work so started taking it after I got to work which is better for society in general. Sometimes restless sleep. Having said that, I had a lot negative thoughts about my life that I don 't notice or dwell on now so I am really good with these minor side effects. I 'm much happier, less irritable and family recognized it easily. I 'm genuinely happy with it and thankfully no nasty side effects (thus far).
I am a 22 yr old female. Hated the significant side effects of Vyvase60mg. Hated Invuniv. Love the patch. Allows me to control the medication. I usually take it off about 7 hours after putting it on. This allows me to sleep at night. I can focus at work very well and no significant drop. I realized I cannot blow dry my hair, or go tanning with it on or I would get a big burst of medication! Sometimes have a hard time sleeping if I don 't take it off early!
I take cymbalta for depression and anxiety. I 've read a few comments on here and it sounds like a few people may have or had serotonin syndrome. It has happened to me in the past when a prior doct didn 't pay attention to my meds. Please be safe. Cymbalta has helped me a lot. I went off for about 3 yrs and have had to go back on.
This medicine helped me to stop drinking almost immediately. I started on 200mg every 2 hrs and am now on 1200mg every 6 hrs. It is a miracle pill! I advise any alcoholic to try it!
I have used Halobetasol Propionate 0.05% for over 20 yrs for moderate plaque psoriasis on a daily routine. The only draw back I have noticed is the area treated is thin skinned. Also if I run out and do not use for more than a few days, my psoriasis becomes &quot;angry&quot;. The itching becomes unbearable and the inflammation is awful as is the redness, plus it spreads and becomes bigger. There is pain where the plaques are. I have tried a lot of the OTC medicine and none help me. Just a lot of money spent.
I have had intermitant Chronic Fatigue Syndrome (CFS) since 2012 presenting with viral-like symptoms. My ID Dr. found that a local reknowned University is treating CFS with Anti-Virals and we decided to give it a shot. It took about 4 months to work but at the moment I am currently in a 7 month remission which is unprecedented(the longest remission previous was 2 months.)I still have the fear that my symptoms may one day return but at the moment it looks like Valtrex is keeping them at bay. For CFS sufferers who test positive for HSV-1, HHV 6, EBV etc., I would recommend asking your Dr. about this medicine.
this nasal spray has been life changing for me. having suffered with allergy problems all year round for over 25 years ( constant sneezing,runny nose,itchy eyes and headaches) all of these symptoms have completely stopped. in short a miracle drug!!!!!
I 'm 17 and my hands were sweaty whenever I thought about it...lately I 've been thinking about it all the time cause i was worried about shaking hands and/or leaving sweaty marks after me whenever I touched something. It 's got really bad and I went to see a doctor. She told me to try Drysol, which I did and it worked great, but not at first...it actually made my hands sweat even more, probably cause I was stressed about if it was gonna work or not. It started to work, after applying it twice a day for a few days (doc told me to). The last time I used it was like 5 nights ago, and my palms have been so dry since that I had to use a hand cream. Yeah, unbelievable!!Just dont give up on it too fast and it will work..good luck!
I LOVED Cymbalta, I felt wonderful, no aches and pains, no depression, I had my life back. I was paying $90 for a 3 month supply... THEN it happened, my co-pay went to $1000 for a 3 month supply! I want to cry, I obviously can 't afford that so I got switched to Venlafaxine, I now have a constant slight headache and it makes me nauseous, my anxiety is back. Dr. switched me to Prozac yesterday, we shall see but what I would not give to have my Cymbalta back.
Love this medicine!!! I also have RA and take the mx shot rasuvo. The 2 shots from the starter pack lasted 3 weeks. I can walk barefoot and play sports with my kids. orencia wore off after about 3 months and humeria was like taking water. No side effects thus far. One happy mom!!!
I was prescribed Rexulti when my daily depression meds began to no longer work for me. It started working almost instantly I have been on Rexulti along with my daily meds, and I have been feeling better then ever.
I am in my third trimester and the hemorrhoids have been horrible I was in bed for a week and tried ever OTC cream plus home remedies. My OB proscribed me proctofoam and it 's been a life saver. The only thing that has worked.
I 've been on Zoloft for 3 months now. Initially, I suffered from side effects such as shivering, loss of appetite, drowsiness, and insomnia. These symptoms lasted for about three days. I was scared at first and planned on trying another medication for anxiety. However, I called my cousin who is a nurse and she told me to try cutting the pill in half. I took my cousins advice and cut the pill in half, taking only 25mg a day which works really well for me.I 'm 5 '4, 130lbs. I no longer suffer from anxiety, after taking Zoloft that I realized that I was suffering from depression. Zoloft alleviates my anxiety and has greatly helped with my depression, I now feel more happy and motivated to do things right away without procrastinating. Life changer!
I had my first seizure in 04/04/14 whilst driving and they found that I had epilepsy. The neurologist put me on keppra. It is by far the best drug I 've had to take. Initially it was a pain as I was always angry, depressed because I lost my Driving Licence and tired all the time. All I wanted to do was sleep. However, once it took this medication after 6 months, the side effects wore off and I was getting back to my old self again. Happy and all that. I once forgot to take my tablets for 2 days. I had a seizure. Biggest mistake I 've made. I always remember to take my tablets now. I 'm fit free now. Please take your tablets. They do help.
Started to take Alli 8 days ago and I have all ready lost 5 lbs. Whoops so happy.
I found that this medicine helped me more than anything else I have ever tried.
Been on Tramadol off and on for minor headaches and issues with Iliotibial band syndrome and arthritis. Basically since it is controlled it is a lot harder to obtain from a doctor and is also considered the new &quot;painkiller&quot; in ER 's or doctor 's office unless you have a broken bone. In all honesty it helps my leg and lets me focus at work. I 've tried the norco and vicodin es,also lyrica and gabapentin but I 'm not a fan. I dislike the nausea feeling and the grogginess. But at the same time everyone is different some people can stand this medication and some people cannot. I would recommend to those who have less major pain and do 'nt need it all the time.
Great medicine.  I take it only in the morning at a low dosage - it 's a bit of an upper and helps my brain work better and faster.  Probably no good for bipolars on the high energy side.  It 's therapeutic, too - unlike lithium it 's there working all the time.  Wouldn 't take it at night, and something to wind down from it is helpful.  No side effects besides lunchtime headaches, a little extra clumsiness and mixing up words sometimes when I 'm speaking or typing.
4 years ago I was in a bicycle accident and broke my left shoulder. About 6 months later I started seeing an orthopedic surgeon and going to a pain clinic. I have been taking 180mg of morphine IR for 3 1/2 years with great success. I have had two shoulder replacement. The first one failed because the damage around the joint was so severe. The 2nd one gave me about 75% of the usage back which is amazing. However, I am still in excruciating pain without pain medication. The morphine I 've been taking is a godsend. I 'm still focused and alert and able to do most of the everyday things I need to do. I also have an exceptionally helpful and loving husband who help with physical therapy and anything else I need help with. Works for me!
I just started Humira the beginning of this month, I 'll be taking my fourth shot next week. I have to say I 'm very impressed! I 've had psoriasis since I was 18 and I 'm almost 22 now. I have it on my elbows, legs, feet and scalp. After the first 2 starter doses, my elbows are completely cleared. The spots on my legs and feet are in the process of fading! I 'm so anxious to see the improvement after a few months! The only side effects I 've noticed is that I 'm much more tired and my muscles are achy .. But I much rather deal with that any day of my psoriasis. I strongly suggest trying this medicine if you are struggling with psoriasis. I was honestly out of options, tried everything else and nothing ever worked. TRY IT.
Drug seems to work well. I had the flushing bouts in the first month lasted all of 10 minutes This is the only drug I have been on since being diagnose in 11/14.
Amazing.  Yes, of course there were side effects.  I felt tired and a bit nauseous about an hour after taking the pill.  I countered this by taking the &quot;evening&quot; pill at night before bed and then I would be fine.  I had a few vivid dreams, but nothing crazy.  This medicine works...if you really want to quit smoking.  It isn 't magic and you do have to put some effort in.  Of course you will be cranky and a bit more anxious than normal, your brain has no idea how to deal with stress without smoking.  None of these are reasons to not try it.  I was a pack a day smoker for 15 years and I have not smoked for 10 weeks and have zero desire to do so.  It 's truly a miracle medicine.
My son has been on this patch for a year.  We started at 10mg, and are moving to 15 mg now.  It has (by far) been the best ADHD medicine we 've tried. We have had pretty minimal skin irritation issues overall.  Sometimes the backing of the patch is hard to peel, but 15 seconds in the freezer solves that problem.  By far our favorite ADHD medicine.
Midrin, Epidrin, isometheptene-dichloralphenazone-acetaminophen, Isometh/Dich/Apap 65-100-325, whatever variation of name it is dispensed as, it is the best migraine treatment for me. It must be administered early into the headache or it is much less effective. That 's the only downside, and one I 've managed to deal with successfully over many years now.  I take 2 capsules at onset and one more tablet each hour after as needed (usually total of three capsules is enough!) Only side affect is it makes me sleepy. I went through two years trying out various Rx 's, shots, treatments with my doctor, but once we tried Midrin I got my life back.The difficulty getting it lately has me jumping through hoops and the price skyrocketed, but it 's worth it.
I used to have a lot of problems with my bi-polar. I was self medicating with marijuana. I started taking Zoloft and things worked well, although once I had a major manic episode and lost all my money. Ouch!
This is THE best anti-acne solution there is. Reading most of the other reviews, I can see people are not using it correctly. A dermatologist in Scotland put me on to this (Duac 12mg/g 50mg/g gel) and explained it is TO BE USED SPARINGLY. i.e. do not rub it all over your face or it will not only burn and dry your skin (which in turn will cause your sebacious glands to activate to moisturise your skin which can lead to get more acne infection) but also make your system more resistant to the antibiotic.IMPORTANT: Apply to each pimple individual and slightly around the area, not all over your face or backI have since been given another tube of Duac in Romania that is weaker (10mg/g 30mg/g) &amp; found this still works, might be better for some
I have never felt a pain like I did upon the Skyla insertion. It was a 3-step process, and the second step was the most painful. They say it is different for everyone, apparently my pain threshold is much lower than other women. This sharp pain and cramping cause immediate tears and a small yelp. Immediately after, I became very pale and lightheaded and had to use the restroom. I could hardly sit up in the bathroom because I was so lightheaded and nausea caused me to vomit. I was so weak and honestly wanted to just lie on the floor because I began to sweat. After about 30 minutes, I was able to stand up and drive home. The cramps and nausea remained very severe until the next morning. Ibuprofen and heating pads helped me sleep that night.
I had this inserted today.  Due to extremely heavy bleeding during my periods I chose to get an IUD.  The previous reviews freaked me out!  The insertion hurt for about 10 seconds and then I just felt cramps a bit heavier than my period.  It was not as bad as some of these reviews stated (maybe a 6/10).  I was told to expect moderate cramping for about 3 days as my body adjusts and light bleeding for 3-6 months.  Hoping this will be worth it!
When I say I have NEVER, EVER taken/applied any medication to my cold sores before that is as effective as Valtrex, I MEAN IT. I have been dealing with this virus forever and I have tried everything. My doctor gave me a prescription to have on hand and 3 weeks ago, as I was afraid to ask for it at the pharmacy. 2 days ago though, when I woke up with that infamous tingle I ran and filled it up. I messed up the dosage but once I caught up, it REALLY began to disappear. By mid 2nd day, it was practically flat and I typically swell badly. Its day 3 and I 'm back to normal. Thank God for Valtrex! Try it.
I have tried heat pads, freeze pads, gels tablets and I am really pleased I saw these advertised on the TV I tried them and I had no expectations at all.  I was very surprised that they worked on my neck pain my hip pain back pain and have no complaints worth giving a go may not be suitable for everyone but worked for me.
These took almost twenty four hours to work. I decided to take two at 10.30am rather than before bed as I had read drinking lots and eating helps to reduce the stomach cramps. After reading other horror stories of nausea, projectile vomiting and cramps worse than giving birth I braced myself. No need really at all. Yes I felt a little sick and my stomach became bloated throughout the day. Went to bed terrified I was going to wake up in crippling agony. Nothing. Woke up the following morning and at 7am my stomach felt like washing machine. What followed was diarrhoea on and off all morning but not the I can 't cope shoot me now kind. It didn 't hurt and I have not had one cramp, sweat or feeling of faintness.
Works well for me with regular use.
I am a 40yr old female.  I have had acne since I was 13.  I noticed bumps all over my forehead for years along with a large cystic pimple a couple times a year.  6 weeks ago my dermatologist prescribed Aczone along with 2 antibiotics(1 oral 1 topical--Solodyn and Ziana).  This has been the perfect trifecta of treatment!  My forehead has not been this clear since I was a a kid and my skin is significantly less greasy.  Highly recommend!!
I 'm allergic to morphine, Demerol, and several other pain medications. I took Toradol for severe neck and shoulder pain. It worked. I had a little upset stomach but took an antacid, and it went away. It worked better for me, because of me being allergic to other pain medications. It also worked wonders after surgery. It should not be taken for more than 5 days, and use caution if you have kidney or liver disease. Use caution if you are using a blood thinner. It also did not make we drowsy, fast heart rate, or dizzy.
My Pulmonary Function Tests were the best they have been in 12 years since I switched from Advair Diskus to Alvesco.  I feel SO much better.
All my life, a typical night would start with 1 to 2 hours laying in bed before falling asleep, and then waking several times with trouble getting back to sleep.  My bedroom has light blocking curtains plus a white noise machine, but I still had trouble getting more than five hours of sleep.  My Doctor has prescribed Ambien CR, Rozerem, Sonata, Restoril and Trazadone.  I have tried Benadryl and Melatonin/Valerian pills but nothing worked well or long term until I tried Quetiapine.  I take 50mg 30 minutes before bedtime and I sleep a good 6 to 8 hours daily!  I have more vivid dreams but no nightmares, and 3 years with no loss of effectiveness and no weight gain!  A good dose of morning caffeine and I have no lingering grogginess either!
Prozac has literally saved my life not once but twice! The first was after the birth of my son I was on 20mg I was struggling with obsessive compulsive disorder, depression and severe anxiety. Prozac along with therapy made it able for me to live a normal life for almost 5 years. I just recently had a horrible bought with anxiety. I am finally coming out of that nightmare. I had a lot of life stressors that brought on the anxiety and caused the break, as much as I tried I couldn 't come out of it so my Dr. increased my dose to 40mg. I have been on the 40mg for exactly a week today and I am so excited and cautious to say when I woke up this morning my heart wasn 't beating out of my chest and I have been able to enjoy my day!
Well, I am using 400mg per day together with Rexetin (Paroxetine) and Fluonxol, sometimes Xanax. I used to have much more medicine, because I have manic depression with tendency to self harm and sleep disorder. What I like about this medicine is that I can have kind of 3D dreams and I can sleep normally, but what I dislike is that I have low libido and that 's why my boyfriend thinks that something is wrong with him (even when I say that it is just a side effect of medicines I have to take). It just seems for me like &quot;must to do&quot; action without any passion. And it is strange because I was very different before with great sex drive.
I had unprotected sex the day before I started ovulating, and took the morning after pill 7 hours after the sex. An hour after taking the pill I had cramps, bleeding, and felt really tired. The next week I had breast tenderness and sometimes what felt like cramps. My advice is to take it ASAP, to not panic and don 't read plan b horror stories. Go into planned parenthood and talk to someone if you need a peace of mind or you can chat with someone online, I did and it helped me a lot. I got my period two days early and it was slightly heavier than normal. Try to relax and let the pill do what it does, and take it day by day. It 's going to okay, whatever happens it 's going to be okay.
I started this pill a couple months before turning 18, just turned 20, so about 2 years or so. I did notice the weight gain but I quit smoking at the same time so I don 't really know what caused it. My periods don 't exist anymore.  My doctor told me I can skip my placebos and never bleed. I still spot at random times of the year. Usually twice a year and it 's very light to where I don 't have to wear anything. I have noticed my mood swings getting pretty bad at certain times but overall the pill works great for me!  I haven 't had any issues yet.
I 've only been taking it for 4 days...I 've had no side effects except I 'm always thirsty, but I see that as a positive because it forces me to drink water all day long.  I do get a little hungry at meal times, but I get full so fast - after eating a very small amount of food.  I make a green smoothie for breakfast and I am totally fine until lunch.  Yesterday I had a yogurt and some honeydew melon.  I work out most days at 5pm, so I ate a snack of a cheese stick and a couple pieces of turkey before, and then after all I had was a couple more pieces of turkey...was not hungry.  I usually snack a lot more, and eat much bigger meals!!  I have not weighed myself yet, I 'm waiting till Saturday (1 week).  I am 5 '2 and weighed 162 last Saturday.
Love this product! I 'm 34 years old and I 've had acne for as long as I can remember. This stuff really works for me. I 've been using it for about two weeks now and this is the best my skin has ever been. Highly recommend!
I have had a wonderful experience with mirena! I have had zero side effects, Its been great! I cant believe so many negative reviews but everyone is different and there is something that works for everybody! My sister didnt like mirena so had her taken out for paragard which she absolutely loves! I honestly cant say anything bad about any IUD I think they are awesome. Pills are old news this is a new generation for women who cant take control of are bodies and choose when we are ready for babies.
The first two days of taking the medicine, I experienced body aches all over, headaches, thus, I took aspirin in the evening to try to alleviate the pain.  The third day and beyond, I felt/feel more energized, no headaches, no backaches, mental clarity, and just relieved.  I say you have to give the medicine time to kick in and get in your system. I am thankful.
I am a 28 yr old male who was very fortunate and never had acne as a kid or throughout my college years. Around my 27th birthday I started breaking out. Initially, it was not to bad and I thought it was stress from growing up and dealing with adult issues. However, it kept getting worse. I tried all the OTC meds and that was a waste of hundreds of dollars. I went to a dermatologist and I was put on Differin and it is great. The first 6 weeks were rough and I thought about quitting it a lot. I stuck with it and now my face is clear. The main thing for new users is to know that it will not work overnight and will prob get worse before it gets better. Stay with it.
I love this!! I take this pill and was so scared of being on birth control due to side effects of weight gain and mood swings but I 've had absolutely no symptoms at all with this pill. Definitely recommend since it has given me no negative side effects at all. As long as it stays effective I will continue to use Loestrin, so glad I found a reliable birth control!
I 've had the paragard IUD twice.. First time around I had it in for 5 months and had It removed due to pain after sex every time. I loved it though no hormones regular periods! So I ended up getting it placed again a year later and this time around is amazing! No pains after or during sex I honestly don 't even feel it it 's almost as if it 's none existent! And my periods are heavier first 2 days and crampier again only the first 2 days. So far this has been my fav BCM of all ! Really recommend
On my second year out of three. No acne problems, little weight gain (5-10 pounds)Irregular periods but that 's nothing new. Best thing about it, don 't have to remember or think about birth control and I haven 't got pregnant!!!
It 's a life saver for me.  Chronic sinus problem that occurs twice a year.  Slight stomach issues after initial dose.  Knocks out brain fog.  Had the best night sleep in months.  Always take with food, and you will have no issues.  Made me feel 90% better 24 hours after initial dosage.  Use with Flonase to open passages to help get it all.  Only thing that works for my sinus problems.
I was constipated for 6 days. I tried 1/2 citrate magnesia which only made me move once with tiny balls..nothing else.i tried prunes, oatmeal, prunes blended in oatmeal, fig newtons, bran muffin, drinking 4 to 5 glasses of water 10 mins apart, walking and nothing..I was getting impacted.. I was considering taking an enema at this point but tried MoM instead. I took two full doses which equal eight tbsp.. This was suggested to me by a nurse who knows of my previous situation in which one full dose does not work for upon impaction. I drank two full glasses of water and followed with a probiotic after reading a doctor tell someone to follow MoM with a probiotic on healthtrap. it took about 6 hours and a few glasses of water and I can sleep now
I was on Zoloft years 9 years ago for social anxiety and it worked great for me. I decided to get off it but slowly all my symptoms came back. Also got very depressed. Got back in Zoloft 7 months ago and I feel great again. I did have to get a night guard from my dentist. I chipped two from teeth and cracked a molar from grinding my teeth. 200mg daily.
My weight loss experience with phentermine was successful.  Early on, my doctor would refill with the agreement I would stop by every three - four weeks for a blood pressure check.  Since my blood pressure was never an issue, and everything else was good, I continued  on with the daily time-release capsule, 15 mg.  Took a few days to get used to, but after that all was good.  In six months I lost 15 pounds and am grateful it was slow and steady.  I 'm 5 '5 ', weigh 137 pounds, and I feel good.  I exercise, eat lots of vegetables, try to keep carbs to a minimum and I 'm mindful of portion sizes.  Phentermine worked for me.  I highly recommend!
I have been on this for a week now with no side affects. I watch what I eat and stay away from carbs and sugars. I will be getting married in June and have been trying to loose weight since last summer by following the SOS diet very strictly and going to the gym 4 times a week and not much change. So far I am down 3 lbs. in week one. I 'm hopeful for the first time in a long time!!!
I 'm taking this for morning sickness, I feel like it has given me my life back. I lost over 6 lbs in 5 days due to nausea and vomiting, and was too sick to do anything for my toddler, myself, or my home. I can tell when it 's starting to wear off (at about 6.5-7 hr.) because the nausea comes right back. I 'll take being backed up and a little drowsy as a side effect... it allows me to eat and keep things down and be present in my family 's life. Never thought I 'd be so happy to take a medication, but I 'm SO thankful for Zofran.
Plan B one step is a LIFESAVER. My boyfriend and I had un protective sex. So within 4 hours after the incident, I took the pill. I was paranoid as hell, not sure whether this pill would work or not ( my first time taking it and I am also young). I experienced mild cramping , head aches and nausea for five days. But my period came on time ! The key is to stay calm and let the pill do its job.
I developed a severe case of psoriasis soon after my 18th birthday, with 90% of my body covered. For years I tried everything under the sun including steroids, PUVA, all topicals, Embrel, Humira, and methotrexate. The only thing that ever helped was the metho and if I tried to go off of it, I would be unable to leave the house for months on end, living in excruciating pain. I had been on metho for over 30 years, resigned to a life of weekly nausea and chronic lethargy, when my new doctor suggested Stelara. I tried it, positive that it would fail like everything else I had tried. And that was when life began for me again. I have now been on it for 1.5 years and for the most part completely clear. It has been a miracle for me!
Solodyn is great. It starts working fast and I haven 't had any side effects.
Jardiance gave me back pain because I was dehydrated so I decided to drink one glass of coconut water everyday to relieve the pain and it works
I have been on this anxiolytic longer than any other, &amp; I feel that it works the best at controlling my panic attacks.
This medication has been a life saver.  I am a 23 year old female and was diagnosed with Irritable Bowel Syndrome 10 years ago.  It wasn 't until 2 years ago that my primary care doctor suggested this medication after finding success with another patient.  Only 10 mg a day at bedtime and I am IBS symptom free. I used to have 5  bowel motions a day and now I am very regular.  My life is so different now that I am on this medication.  When I started the medication I had extreme dry mouth that went away after a couple of months and now I sometimes become constipated (which is something I 've never had in my life).
Side effects are a bit annoying sometimes, but it 's working for me so I 'll put up with it. A side note- I 'm taking this in addition to Wellbutrin and Cymbalta. All for my RSD... I have only had intermittent pain and it was extremely mild in comparison to before this combination.
My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex on the day of my ovulation and although I took Plan B about 18 hours later I was still super paranoid for the next week and a half or so until I took a pregnancy test that calmed my nerves. I thought that I was going to be in that 10% that still gets pregnant due to the time in my cycle that I had sex, however the pill worked perfectly with no side effects whatsoever and two weeks later I got my period. It was reading reviews online of Plan B and other situations like mine that calmed my nerves, so to anyone out there just know that this stuff really works and to not worry unnecessarily.
I started taking Synthroid 200mrgs From 2002- Oct 2012. Because i had thyroid cancer.  had both of my thyroids removed. A friend told me to try  armour thyroid, and you will fill alot better. I took her advice and she gave mw the name of the Dr who will perscride armour thyroid. I been taking 90mrgs of Amour thyroid and i fill  great, I can tell the difference after i took the first pill. My energy level is very high. I dont need a nap during the day.
Started Vyvanse (30mg) about 3 years ago, and still on it to this day! I am extremely more concentrated, and have more motivation throughout the entire day. This medication saved my life, and I have not looked back every since! Plus you loose weight, so that 's a plus (:
That was so strange. I gave up smoking after 10 years with the help of Effexor.
I have spinal stenosis in 2 levels of my lumbar spine and 3 bulging/protruding discs. I could hardly sit or walk for months. I was hoping for surgery just to ease the pain. I couldn 't drive for longer than 15 minutes, couldn 't exercise like I used to, could hardly work. My doctor put me on Cymbalta 2 weeks ago and within 10 days, almost all my pain is gone! I still have some numbness in my lower leg and foot but I am no longer taking Percocet and am weaning off the morphine for night time! Cymbalta gave me back my life! I hope it continues! Thank you for this wonderful medicine!
What a product, very effective
I started methadone a few days ago and oh my gosh have I been amazed!  I have felt better in the last few days more than I have in the last couple of years!!  I have chronic pain and been on almost all the other opiates.  I fell into the opiate addiction myself.  I think methadone is a God send!!  I would suggest methadone to anyone batttling chronic pain issues.
I am 21 and I had bumps on my chin everyday since I was 16. I had tried EVERYTHING, including a Clarisonic, expensive face washes, creams, etc. Thankfully, my dermatologist prescribed my Atralin and my skin is practically perfect. I had an initial break-out for about a week and a half, then suddenly my skin was perfect. No bumps and so smooth! It does make my face rather shiny, which I am not used to since I have dry skin. I am so happy with this product! It is so nice to wake up every morning with great skin. This is worth the price tag. I wash my face nightly with Bobbi Brown &quot;extra balm rinse&quot;, use this gel, then apply a heavy moisturizer. Get Atralin! It will change your life!
Took it for a year or so, but now I need it again and my insurance wont pay for it and my other medicines are over $400.00 a month and they want $160.00 more for Crestor. We just can 't do it.
This is my first birth control I have ever been on. I 've been on this pill going on two years. It does its job in the field of preventing pregnancy.  The only thing I dislike about it is I get very moody at times while on it,  if I skip a pill and have to double up on it the next night I get a real bad headache! I have experienced weight gain as well, which no girl cares for. But like they all say every one is different.
I 've been taking 10mg Cialis daily for the last six months. I can 't say enough about how much it has helped with erectile dysfunction. Erections are firm and last long enough for two orgasms. I 've discovered something else while taking Cialis. I have been dealing with symptoms of depression for several years. I 've tried several of the anti depressant medications but had terrible side effects. Not to mention, it made the performance issue worse. Since taking Cialis I 've noticed my depression has all but disappeared. I did some research and discovered that some studies have reported that Cialis has helped with depression in men. I 've got my life back and feel great.
I have been on this medication for a couple of days now and it is to heal my stomach lining which was scratched from acid reflux after having an esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EDG) done. This medication is to heal the stomach and made it so that it heals it well and protects it from ever coming back is what I&rsquo;m told from the doctor. The only thing I have noticed so far from this medication is that it does give you dry mouth and a dry throat it is always best to keep your mouth clean and ice water helps a lot. The other thing is if you go to Walmart and buy BIOTENE dry mouth moisturizing spray works excellent After brushing and rinsing your mouth you can also use a lip moisturizer if it irritate your lips also finding that you drink  lots Water Yo
The best BC I 've tried! I 'm taking it for one month and have minimal side effects. My breasts slightly increased in size, but no weight gain or acne. I 'm taking it at night, so I don 't know if there are any headaches or nausea, I don 't have any during the day. Love it!
For 1 year, I 've been suffering from severe muscle pain after I finish my household chores but as my doctor prescribed me this medicine, I can really say that it really works! The pain was gone. Thanks to Soma..
A miracle pill for the worst of panic attacks. Nothing compares to the effectiveness of Xanax. 
I have been using the patch for 6 years now, I have only been off once ( I buy it when I 'm in Mexico since is $100 at USA and I can get 1 month for $35-40 ) So one time I ran out and had to be off for 2 months. Over all I love it, easy to remember, no side effects, haven 't got pregnant in 6 years I have been married. My periods since I am on it are regular and I know exactly when is coming. Before it they used to be long and heavy, with a lot of cramps, now they last 3-4 days max with only 1-2 days of regular bleeding and the rest is light. I only get 1 day of cramps (the heaviest day) and I get sensitive (not sore) and heavy boobs before my period comes.When I did came off I was so sensitive, I had sore boobs and my body was crazy.
I wish this was around back when I was in high school!  I have struggled with acne for my whole teen/adult life.  I have taken Yaz on and off for 8 years now, and my skin never looks better than when I 'm on Yaz.  The doc took me off last year because I was getting headaches and she was concerned the estrogen in the Pill was causing it, but after a year on the mini pill with the same frequency of headaches and the added terribleness of deep cystic acne, I am happily back on Yaz and already seeing an improvement in my skin.  Only complaint (mainly from my husband) is a slightly lowered sex drive.
Neupro patch is the BOMB!!!!!  My RLS bothers me even during the day, but with Neupro slow release patch, no leg jitters. AWESOME!!!!!   I just can 't say enough about it. My provider has been giving me samples, so I have not had to pay as of yet, I just hope it isn 't very expensive, would hate to not be able to continue use due to the out of pocket cost.
Unreal difference.  My side effects are minimum and I 'm on 60 mg a day.  This is one stop shopping.  I had terrible acne--cysts everywhere.  I 'm 3 months in and it 's almost completely gone.
I have been on this birth control for 11 months now. At first I experienced moodiness and being over-emotional, and I still do sometimes whenever I start my new pack. However, my periods are so much lighter and only last from Wednesday to Sunday. Coming from somewhere who has had nightmare periods (such heavy bleeding that I would miss school) this is a great plus. My skin has also cleared up tremendously. I had my face under control but I would always get back acne, and I don 't break out on my back anymore. I have also gone up two cup sizes and I 'm definitely not complaining. Also, it does its job on preventing pregnancy!
Well yesterday I found out I had genital herpes from oral sex. My boyfriend had a cold sore that I honestly thought didn 't matter and I thought it was healed. I noticed symptoms such as itching and burning but I shook it off and thought it was a yeast infection. then the next day swelling happened and I was sosore I couldn 't sleep. My gyno perscribed me with Valacyclovir and so far it has been working a little bit, it still burns to go to the bathroom but it 's only the firstday. It 's providing relief though. none of you should feel alone because you definitely aren 't. Just remember to stay positive and keep your head up. It sucks but you can do it! Also remember that one little mistake can hurt you real bad.
After a few years of being diagnosed with narcolepsy and excessive daytime sleepiness, someone I knew who had narcolepsy as well recommended I ask my doctor about Xyrem. I am glad I did because about a week after taking it I started feeling normal again. I still have some &quot;bad&quot; days,  but they are better than my best days prior to taking Xyrem. The only thing I don 't like is their list of side effects being unclear. I have had stomach issues, loss of appetite, and significant weight loss. I was beginning to think something was wrong with me because these are not side effects listed on their website. It wasn 't until I stated searching other forums that I am finding others having these same types of symptoms.
I love this medicine. It has helped so much with the arthritic pain. No side effects for me. I have eye check ups every six months. Give a try!
I used this medication years ago for my migraines.  Since that time, my husband has joined the Army and we have moved several times, etc.  Each time we do, I have to start all over again with my migraine treatments (I have hemi-palegic migraines) and I would give my eye-teeth for one of these doctors to just let me take Stadol NS again!  It worked so well mainly because even when I was nauseated, I would still &quot;keep&quot; this medication because it was in the nasal spray form.  This medicine was a wonder drug for me... oh how I wish it could be again.
Yow guys !!! Tested + on April  '14 with VL 37,000 after a major fever event. Couldn 't start early treatment  because of insurance issues, needed 4 year signority with the insurance co. to apply for HIV treatment. One year later my numbers on Jan  '15 were VL 119,000 and CD4 654.  Started Atripla 2 years later after testing + on April  '16 with VL 399,000  (10 times higher than when diagnosed) and CD4 427. After 6 weeks taking Atrilpla my numbers are VL 474 (pretty amazing drop) and CD4 440. I was pretty happy with these results but my Dr wasn 't. He expected me to become undectetable as of now but asked me to continue for two more months to see more progress. Absolutely no side effects except for feeling a bit high the first week
I started Saxenda on 9/1/16 and by 9/30/16 I had lost 18 pounds!  I increased the dosage each week and until I started the 3mg dosage, I constantly felt nauseated.  Fortunately, this has stopped and I am not having any side effects.  I am not weighing myself - will let the doctor do this at the end of each month.
Excellent control of my atrial fibrillation. Significantly improved my quality of life.
Excellent medication for bipolar disorder although I had a reaction to it.
I have been doing colonoscopy prep for 20 years. This was the foulest tasting stuff I 've ever encountered.
hello everyone!! I wrote a review on the .05% retin-a about two months ago at my 3-month mark, so I 'm back a little after my 5-month mark! so I 'm still pleased, as my skin is getting better (slowly, but still!!) I used to wear a medium-full coverage foundation but now I can just wear a thin layer of tinted moisturizer and be satisfied! around my time of month, I get a big pimple here and there, but I definitely noticed that the tretinoin limits the number&amp;size&amp;recovery time of my acne. hopefully by Christmas(8-month mark and my birthday month!!) I will have clear skin:) good luck fellow tretinoin retin-a users!!
I 'm a 40 year old male who didn 't have the benefits of medications when I was in school. ADD wasn 't as well known back then. I was diagnosed with hyper dyslexia. I always thought that it was strange because I didn 't see letters backwards but I just accepted it. I was officially diagnosed with ADD in my mid 20 's. I have taken most of the medicine options over the past 12 years including Concerta, Strattera, Adderall, Ritalin and Ritalin LA. Couldn 't sleep on Concerta, I was out of my mind with Strattera, Adderall was like popping caffeine pills and Ritalin was too high maintenance as it neutralized after 2-3 hours. Then I found Ritalin LA. It 's not the magic bullet but it 's the best that I have found so far. It costs me 10X generic but worth it.
My 7 year old son has severe ADHD, ODD, and anxiety. We started him on Vyvanse 20mg, Depakote twice a day, and Kapvay .1 in the evening last week. We were worried because he talked SO much like he was on speed, and ran around the house looking for paper, books, pens to write with and never sat still but he was very pleasant when we started the Vyvanse. However, he was Always saying I 'm sorry for blurting, please, and thank you which was unheard of before starting the Vyvanse.  We were noticing around 4:00 the Vyvanse wearing off and the aggression and whining came back with a vengeance! We added another .1 mg Kapvay after school with his Depakote and the result was AMAZING. He is pleasant ALL day long.
I was diagnosed with Bipolar disorder about 6 years ago and had my share of trying different medications to get it under control. After multiple trials with medicines my doctor finally found the right combination for me (Lexapro, lithium, (Depakote had sexual side effects), Synthroid, trazodone at night, multivitamins and B-1 vitamin). This combination worked great to get my mood swings under control. Once my mood swings were under control, I started having extreme anxiety attacks. I was then diagnosed with anxiety disorder as well. My doctor prescribed 0.75 mg Klonopin 3 times a day, as needed and it is a lifesaver. Klonopin knocks my anxiety down within 15 min. I have been taking it for 3 yrs with great results.
I started on liquid Prozac due to severe medicine sensitivities.  This has been a lifesaver.  I am currently on 2.5 mg and feel so much better.  My doctor would like me to get to 5mg, I will, but it will be slowly.  There is no one size fits all as far as dosage goes.  If you 're sensitive to medicines, think about liquid Prozac.  Easier to control dosages, minimal side effects.  Wonderful!
Clonazepam has drastically improved my life. I used to be afraid to go to sleep. I have seriously injured myself in my sleep in addition to harming others. After one night terror, I required surgery and decided it was time to see a sleep physician. A small dose of Clonazepam and I sleep great. Highly recommend.
My wisdom teeth are impacted and I have several cavities and I am waiting to have surgery. My doctor prescribed Vicodin for the pain and it works very well as long as I continue taking it every 6 hours. I can tell when the medication wears off, because my jaw starts to throb.
I 'm on 200 mg of Zoloft and it has changed my life!
Worked for me and I can NEVER sleep. Only downfall is it takes so long to kick in.Woke up 7 hours later feeling fine.
Works Great! I will never use anything else.   2nd time on it. Just had my third planned baby and also breastfeeding.
Great medicine--I tried tons of other treatments and was down to my last option, I was at 300 MG and it started to work with few side effects besides increased appetite and a little more tired at first-a lifesaver!
Been on Duloxetine for 4 weeks now at 30 mg. First day had terrible diarrhea,  then felt groggy and almost in a dream like state for the first week. I was prescribed Cymbalta for migraines and general anxiety. Week 2 started to feel more normal but my anxiety was worse (to be expected). Week 3 I  noticed my migraines were less frequent and I tolerated the pain better, also started feeling happier and less anxious. Week 4 my anxiety is almost gone n migraines have gone from daily to maybe every 3 or 4 days and are less severe. Worth the first two weeks of feeling crappy.
I 'm still in the early stages of taking XYREM (week 6), but it has changed my life. I almost never take naps, and have had my narcoleptic episodes significantly reduced.  I get around 8 hours of sleep every night, and can stay awake with no issues all day. Sometimes in the morning I feel a little groggy, but can 't get back to sleep which i 'm sure is just the medicine wearing off as it goes away shortly after I get up and about.
I 've been on 150mg of lithium for 3 days, after 5 days I 'll be on 300mg and then gradually go up. I 've suffered from bi polar &amp; depression for over 10 years, I 've been on 15 different antidepressants, antipsychotics and mood stabilizers. Nothing seemed to even stabilize me. The past few months I 've gotten so bad to where I 've thought about suicide constantly. I was so depressed, easily irritated and cried over the littlest thing. Lithium has so far, saved me. I feel the best I 've felt in a LONG time! I have no side effect as of yet. My mind is completely cleared of any negative thoughts. Although it 's only been 3 days I 'm hopeful things will keep getting better from here. I 'm so glad I tried lithium!!
It 's day 6 and the side effects are really kicking I 'm nauseous to the point where I think I 'm pregnant and have to vomit, my headaches are increasing but I only have one more day so I think I can hang in there. Overall my symptoms of bv are gone but the medicine just makes me sick
Hey,So I took the ellaOne about 7h after the condom slipped. It cost about 35&euro;. The first 3 days I didn 't have any side effect exceppt major sickness but I think I was sooo nervous that I could not eat anything. DONT WORRY I WAS DEVASTATED AND SO HORRIFIED FOR TWO WHOLE WEEKS BUT IT WORKED! I am so happy! Don 't worry you are gonna be okay! :* But after the first 3 days my skin got soo bad and I had a lot of cramps but hey, worth it. I got my period about 3 weeks late - all ok ;)
I was diagnosed with Chronic Myelogenous Leukemia in October of 2010. I was prescribed 600 units of Tasinga per day - 300 AM, AND 300 PM.  I was in remission in 12 days - thank GOD. I am on Medicare and get help with my co-pay from PSI. I have mild nausea when I first take the pills, mild constipation and some shortness of breath, but I also have COPD. I have, been taking Tasinga for 2 1/2yrs now and am just starting to notice my hair is thinning.I was told I have to take it for life. I thank GOD everyday for this medicine and will gladly endur the minor side efforts in exchange for a longer life.
It is phenomenal !! I put on weight fast, you start to see and feel results so quickly !!! It 's very motivating feeling !!I have gained 14 pounds so far since late March early April ...I 'm 5&quot;6,  I started at 146, I am now 160, my goal weight is 175. I think that will give me the full figured , curvy look I want. If you 're serious about your weight this is the solution !! Good luck !!
I have always been vulnerable to bronchitis and pneumonia.  This antibiotic is the only thing that works.  It leaves a bad taste in my mouth yes but I know that after 10 days I will be done and better.  Before I was prescribed this, I would often have to take more then 10 days of antibiotics in order to get better.
Most of my life I have struggled with severe panic attacks, general anxiety, PTSD &amp; moderate depression. Been on meds twice before until I felt better &amp; then I would stop taking them. This last time it had been close to a year that I had been suffering again before I decided to reluctantly go back on meds. I tried Celexa again- it worked kinda okay in the past but this time it made no improvement for me. Saw the doc who switched me to Prozac- all I can say is WOW! Best yet- I feel like my old, happy self after only 1 month! 10mg the first week, 15 the second and 20mg the last two. Give it time to work &amp; be patient- it might make you feel a bit off &amp; not better at first, but it is a miracle drug. These bad feelings will pass hang in there!
Working well so far (on second injection). Less hassle than regular injections or gels and I don 't have to worry about transferring it to my girlfriend.
I tried just about everything for depression and venlafaxine was one of the only drugs to help. I was so depressed that I jumped off a building for a suicide attempt. I wound up paralyzed in a wheelchair. Venlafaxine took a while to work about 3 moths or so. I first took 75mg but didn 't do much. It wasn 't until I reached 375mg that I felt the true effects of the drug. Very very strong antidepressant effects. My mind is clear and I 'm feeling a warm glow all day. My depression so anxiety are gone even though I 'm paraplegic I am happy. Wish they gave this drug to me a long time ago I would not be In a wheelchair. You have to really be patient and find the right dose abs then one day you 'll wake up and feel great.
I 've been on every antidepressant known to mankind and they were awful to me. Either the side effects were too bad or it turned me into a complete zombie to the point work was out of the question, and then my dr said we would try one more called Prozac and the reason he had not prescribed it before was because it took 6-8 weeks to reach full effect as where the others took less then half that time. I started out taking 10mg because I have always been very sensitive to antidepressants and their side effects. For about the first 2 or 3 weeks I experience light anxiety... Then finally the 6 weeks passed and still nothing, but then finally about 8 weeks into the mediation, I feel like Santa Clause on steroids! It has saved my life! 
I was just diagnosed in my 40 's with generalized anxiety disorder not surprised.  I was always having anxiety/panic attacks and unable to function some times.  I now take Celexa daily and while it takes about 2 months to really kick in my anxiety is gone and I feel FAR beyond how I have felt in forever.  Zoloft nor prozac worked.  I don 't know they are truly geared towards anxiety.  High;y recommend it at 10mg if not feeling better.
The reason I 'm giving it a 9 instead of 10 is because of it 's side effects. Otherwise, this patch works really well for an overnight or two day fishing trip (at least in my experience). I thought I 'm getting cold and feeling sick after I get off the fishing boat because my throat was getting dry and dryer and dryer. At that time I 'm not aware that one of it 's side effects was dry mouth/throat. Aside from that, I didn 't feel anything anymore after couple of days. I 'll use it again for my next fishing trip. I 'll opt for a dry throat verses getting sick on the boat.
It works well for TSH supression
Epiduo is amazing. I tried all sorts of acne creams and this one is like a blessing. I went to my dermatologist and she gave this for me to use! This is my second week and most of my pimples have eased and are gone. I 'm impressed with this product and I will keep using it.
I have read so many things and do not know what to believe. I have post traumatic stress disorder and have taken sleep aides from the health food store which left me with Vertigo and not feeling well. I have not had any of the usual  side effects with Ambien and it leaves me refreshed however I do have one weird side effect and I was not sure at first if it was the Ambien. But it is. I am usually a person who is cold and likes the heat. But I have gotten heat sick several times and living in NYC where there is no air and we are constantly having heat waves it has made me sensitive to heat. I am super sensitive and usually if there is a side effect to be had I get it but really I have not had anything except the heat exhaustion. I mean  sweating, etc.
Two years ago, I couldn 't sleep, my doctor gave me all type of sleep meds, nothing worked. The only med works is this. I take 5mg every night on and off for 2 years. No side effect.
I was on this birth control for about 8 months straight and I went off now I am currently back on and I absolutely love it. No weight gain, no acne, lighter shorter periods. The only thing is when I first started taking it, I spotted for a month, which is normal. Other than that, I love it.
joint pain, no energy, no enthusiasm for social life, tiredness, weakness, low appetite.Femara is extending my life. I know this since I have been in remission for 5 years after taking Femara. My breast cancer started in right breast 32 years ago. Chemo and Radiation therapy stopped it for 22 years but 5 years ago it matastasized to lung and bones. This is when the oncologist prescribed Femara. I 'm now in my &quot;golden&quot; years, a widow for 16 years but determined to find relief for this pain and relief from this depression so I can be happy and enjoy life.
I started taking this medication 10 years ago. My doctor told me it was non-narcotic and non-habit forming.  Up to that time I had never had any addictions to drugs or alcohol, but unfortunately I am dependent on this drug for sleep.  It does however work very well with few side effects and I wake up feeling refreshed.  
Hello, I am 27 and started having psoriasis when I was 20. I am covered 80%. My rheumothogist has started me on methotrexate shot once a week as well as folic acid everyday but the day of the shot. I am currently on day 5, my skin has stopped forming layers about 90% but still red and small patches here and there. From the time I got the shot, I have only felt low energy and low appetite. No serious side effects. I must add before going on methotrexate, you should start eating healthier and detox the body the best you can for a month prior to going on methotrexate. If you don 't you are doing more harm than good because your immune system is going to sleep mode and if you got a load of junk and bad bacteria left they will just take over.
I 've had the Nexplanon for over 2 years and I absolutely love it.  The only issue I 've had with it is my periods are very irregular which is no big deal for me. I get a period for 2 weeks and then I 'm period free for about 4 months, then it will return. I have no problem with that. I plan on using this birth control method for 5 more years. I love it.
This literally changed my life. I can now wear colorful shirts without worrying about sweat stains. It worked after the first application. My doctor said I 'd experience &quot;mild itching&quot; and I wish she would 've been more truthful and said &quot;practically unbearable itching&quot; but the longer I use this medicine, the less I itch. I don 't itch at all anymore when I put it on. If I use it daily, I get a dry, painful rash in my underarms so I use it every other or every 2 days.
I was born with Asthma had been in and out of hospitals since birth.  When I was old enough to use my own judgement on inhalers I decided to try Primatene Mist.  I have used it for over 20 years.  I only need to use it...maybe...2 times a month...if that.  NOTHING the doctors gave me ever worked.  Primatene Mist keeps me OUT of the hospital and home with my family.  
Unbelievably good.
Been on Testim for 2.5 months. Huge improvement in mood, and physical stature. Started working out again. I feel great! Strong and sexy. Wife likes it too! My libido has increased and the reaction from other females is incredible. I lost 25 lbs prior to starting and am now seeing my abs again. The energy is awesome as I motivate a group for business part time. Love the smell. Application is a daily chore but worth it.
Today is my third day with flagyl for BV. I do have a weird taste in my mouth, when I brush my teeth and eat. To prevent yeast infection I eat yogurt, and take a probiotic powder packet that 's fizzy and you mix into water like an emergen-c packet. I also wear long dresses and nightgowns around the house without undies to help with air flow which heals and prevents yeast infections. It 's my health and going commando , taking flagyl, and drinking water to dilute the concentrated urine, all have been helpful in stopping side effects.
A little over two years due to a job change and move, I suffered many anxiety/panic attacks.  One of them landed me in the ER.  I was then diagnosed with depression.  I was put on Pristiq and with time it started working.  I took the medication for about 18 months and then very slowly went off.  I don 't like being dependent on medication.  My main reason for going off was my sex drive.  You are very limited as to what you can take while on antidepressants.  I am starting to feel like I am slipping into depression once again so will probably start again.  Pristiq worked wonders for me.
I decided to use this birth control after constantly changing oral contraceptives because they were just awful, mood swings and gained 30 pounds in 2 months. This has been the best birth control I&rsquo;ve been on. No weight gain. No periods. No mood swings.  I get acne around the time I should have a period each month. Also no pregnancy so that&rsquo;s good. I was skeptical to use this birth control after reading reviews. But it&rsquo;s been the best thing for me. I recommend this to anyone of my girl friends.
I 've tried Prozac, Zoloft, Celexa and none of them worked well. They would work maybe a month and the depression crept back into my life. I started taking Viibryd and the recommendation of a doctor and trusted friend and my life has changed dramatically for the better. I don 't have the wiped out feeling and my sex drive has stayed the same. This medicine has been a God send for me. I had to fight to get my insurance to cover it but it has so been worth it.
I 'm bipolar and this is the only medication (out of many, many) that really helps my bipolar and it works almost instantaneously for me.  I first went on it to gain weight because I was trying to recover from anorexia and struggling, but stayed on it for my bipolar.  I did gain weight and I eat tons, but I have a good metabolism and Zyprexa just brings me up to my medically ideal weight.
I was taking 300 mg of Seroquel XR for 6 months. The best part was being able to get a good night&rsquo;s sleep. I had only been getting 2-3 hrs rest each night. My mind would race and it was a struggle to stay in bed. I would get up and start cleaning. Additionally, I would spend hours creating plans to organize my life. I had not actually followed any of those plans and I was depressed. I took Latuda for a short period but it made my inability to sleep worse. That&rsquo;s when I was switched to Seroquel. I loved the way it helped me feel normal. The bad - I gained 30 lbs in 6 months. I asked to be taken off and started taking Geodon. Once again I cannot sleep. I am going to ask to go back to Seroquel XR and focus on following a healthy diet.
Expensive but it works! No negative side effects.
Took sporanox for approximately seven months to cure complete infestation of toenail fungus (both feet/all toes). Sporanox had started to clear it all up when I ran out of the capsules. I was overseas and unable to get a refill. After stopping the medication for a period of time, the fungus returned to its previous state. Upon my return to the U.S. I did not pursue another Rx due to concerns over liver damage. But, if your liver is healthy and you can take it for an extended period of time, Sporanox seems to be a very effective cure. Much faster than topical meds I 've used since then, although like I said soon after I stopped taking Sporanox the fungal infection returned to its previous state.
Because I am a recovering alcoholic it is crucial for me to find non-narcotic treatment for the persevering pain of my chronic pancreatitis. I was feeling a bit hopeless with the repeated prescriptions of pain meds (which of course offer only temporary relief, and for me a danger of over-use), until my GI prescribed me Gabapentin. This med has been incredibly successful in mitigating my pain, while also giving me huge energy (I 'm a consistent runner so this factor is welcomed), and allowing me to move forward with my sobriety. I give it four stars, though I realize like anything, it 's not for everyone. That said, good luck to you all with finding what works.
Expensive but worth it! My uric acid was in the 9-10 range and I was having several severe gout attacks every year. I tried allopurinol but didn 't work, so started on Uloric 40mg about 6 months ago. Had a few minor attacks during the first 5 months, but since then I can eat or drink anything and doesn 't cause any flashes. Doctors office just called and the uric acid level was 4.8.
Genetically, I am cursed with acne. For years as a young teen I struggled with acne on my forehead and cheeks. I tried every potion and cleanser out there, to no avail. When I went for my physical, my doctor noticed how bad my acne was and prescribed clindamycin gel, and boy has it worked wonders. I have very sensitive skin, yet this did not seem to make things worse. I have occasional breakouts, but my skin looks absolutely fantastic after 5 months of use.
I am a 46 year old male. In 1988 I was going through a very serious bout with anxiety and depression. Luckily - there was a place called Freedom From Fear on Staten Island that was able to counsel me (free of charge, as was affiliated with Columbia University), and a doctor there prescribed for me a new drug that was just approved and available...Prozac. I took it for eight months or so and recovered - so much so that it helped me deal with the tragedy of my mother dying only a year later. Yes, this medicine saved my life. This is are the reason I am here right now. I only took the medicine for that eight months, and slowly got off it. Here I am 20 years later, totally fine!
This stuff is great for nerve pain. I have 2 herniated discs in my lower back and 1 in my neck along with a pinched nerve. It takes away my neck pain when narcotic pain relievers and muscle relaxers combined didn 't. Taking it alone causes drowsiness. 
Only medication that stops my nausea and vomiting during a migraine. I 've tried everything too. Its a life saver for me.
Works amazing! A life saver!!
I have been on this birth control for 8 years and had no problems at all. It was great. I recently was put on a body acne medication that lowered the effectiveness of this brand so because of that reason I am switching to Zovia I hope it 's as good.
Love this medicine, works great with less side effects of regular Suboxone!  Also with discount program I am saving $$$ very happy my Dr. told me about it.
I was on Celexa 20mg for a full year due to anxiety and panic attacks. The medicine was working great. I had to switch doctors and my new one suggested to a try Lexapro. She said its a cleaner and better medicine then Celexa. I said ok I 'll try it. It 's been two week and no side effects at all. It 's been great. I 'm glad I switched. I 'm taking 10mg of Lexapro now which is the same as 20mg Celexa.
I tried this pill after having been on so many others. I had been prescribed Femcon FE, Loestrin 24, Ortho Lo, YAZ, and Ocella. These pills caused me to have terrible stomach pains, go through nauseous periods all throughout the day, and have recurring dizziness. So, I finally decided to speak with my doctor about having me switch to Alesse. However, it wasn 't until I went to the pharmacy that I learned that Alesse is no longer available in the U.S. so I was given its generic Aviane. Out of all of the birth controls I have tried, this one has been the most tolerable for me. I can eat normally without having to deal with recurring stomach upset after almost every meal. And, I don 't have to worry about dealing with crippling stomach pains.
I 'm 18 years old and have had all three of these shots. I don 't understand why people make this shot to be such a big deal. It barely hurt when I got them. Even if it did, who cares? If the shot is going to help you out in the long run. I never had any bad side effects I recommend it to any woman who likes to be proactive.
After many years of chronic bloating and constipation, I finally tried Linzess. I was taking Miralax daily, sometimes twice a day, for about a year but still no relief from the horrible bloating. I 'd eat half an apple and have to move my belt buckle. Now, a little over a month on Linzess and I am no longer bloated, I go every day and feel SO much better!!!!! No side effects at all. I just learned that taking with food can result in diarrhea or help if you feel constipated again. Will try that if I ever need it.
I have been taking Toprol XL for about 2 years. My doctor has now put me on 200mg twice a day, total 400mg a day, this had to be approve by my insurance company and it was. This is working for me, no side effects and my blood pressure is steady at 114/70.
As everyone else I have a terrible problem sweating and can only wear black t shirts or tank tops. I only started using this a year ago and aside from the burning and soreness after, its great. However, I just went to refill my prescription and was told that they are no longer manufacturing it, I went to many pharmacys and was told the same thing. I don 't understand why.
Honestly, I felt better about 4 hours after begging treatment with this for an infected/abcessed tooth.  Surprisingly quick, considering the amount of pain I was in.  The downside, for me at least, seems to be slight nausea/dizziness.  I had taken ibuprofen earlier due to pain, so this meant bad times in front of the toilet.  Be careful with other meds that may upset your stomach.
This medicine is a godsend. I literally felt like it grew me up. it helps so much with bi polar disorder! I used to walk down the street and wonder what passing cars thought about me and wondered if they thought I walked silly. Weird but true. After a month on this medication my life changed. I was more focused my mood swings were not so sever if any at all (I used to have mood swings that would last four and sometimes six months at a time). This medicine changed my life and I feel as though the effects were life changing! Even when I stopped taking the medication I still felt the affects from how I felt. I do not recommend stopping taking the medication though as the mood swings will gradually find their way back into your life. I
I love this medicine. I do not sweat anymore. I don 't have the armpit stains. I can wear whatever I want without worrying about sweating. If you have excessive sweating you should try this product.
I have suffered severe pain for 20 years following a  motorcycle accident. During this time I have tried every sort of pain relief available to me, mainly narcotic drugs which I found as bad as the pain itself. Earlier this year I was prescribed Lyrica as far as pain relief goes...fantastic. After a few months (1x 75mg cap per day) I experienced total confusion and was unable to perform my daily tasks at work or at home. I was becoming agitated and experienced suicidal thoughts. Things returned to normal after a week or so of not taking Lyrica. Because it worked so well I am tempted to give it another go. It was just so good to not feel the pain anymore.
My son and wife both came down with bad cases of the flu, and I started to experience extreme chest tightness, cough, and fever about five days later. Took my first dose of Tamiflu about 15 hours after experiencing symptoms, and within 12 hours was feeling 50% better. Within 24 hours was 90% better. No side effects. Simply a miracle drug, and everyone should have a box in their medicine cabinet.
I took this on top of taking SAM-E for depression and fatigue. I 'll put the good first. This supplement is amazing. Makes me feel much more confident, much less socially anxious, and more able to be assertive, and have no fatigue. AND I am interested in things again. I feel joy from looking at the mountains and such. It started increasing my facial twitches from SAM-E which also Ritalin brought out. SJW feels kind of like a drug like Ritalin but with a much lower up. I 've got to say I feel pretty good taking it. I take 350mg once in the morning, a double dose at 2:00, and a single dose again around 6:00. Sometimes I will take another dose around 10:00 p.m. I feel like I don 't need the SAM-E anymore. Highly recommend.
Very effective.
After my back surgery ( lumbar fusion ) I was given dilaudid, worked instantly in relieving pain, the only downside it does not last long,
Cleared up my abscess ..Also I kept getting bacterial vaginitis for a year straight. I swear my bacterial vaginitis cleared up! This actually works to clear that up also. I thought my bacterial vaginitis issue was stuck with me forever.
I 've been drinking since 12y/o.  Relapsed hard about 3 weeks ago after the manager at work had suspected that I had been drinking at work and fired me.  I spent all of the money I had left in the bank trying to drink myself to death.  Had a free ride to law school and lost that, so that played a big role in my depressive drinking.  Got to the hospital after I began going into withdrawals and they sedated me, and gave me a Librium prescription.  I 'm a 210 pound male with 12% bf so I 'm a strong otherwise healthy guy.  Four 25 mg first day then tapered down the second day decreasing each day by 1 pill.  I 'm still on 1 pill at night.  You should exercise when off to control CNS excitement.  Vivid dreams too. Saved me too.
as a supplement to levothyroxine it has been a night and day difference. I no longer sleep all the time and can think clearly. I actually want to do things now.
I have tried almost everything under the sun as related to acne medicine. The only thing that worked for me is Aczone. I have only been using it for 10 days now but my face has cleared up so fast. I have never seen my skin look so good in the last 5 years. It doesn 't irritate the skin and goes on very light and absorbs right in. Highly, highly recommended.
I used Voltaren gel on some sore joints (and a tennis elbow). It worked as well as anything I have ever tried. I sometimes get killer tension headaches that first build up in the back of the neck.  When I felt one coming on, I used the gel on the back of the neck and shoulders.  The headache never developed.  Before this experiment I would take 3 or 4 ibuprofen for one of these headaches and hope for the best.  The gel is now my standard treatment for these headaches.
I got my Nexplanon inserted in the month of Janaury 2015, and it was very painful. I had my period for probably a month and spotting a little for 2 weeks. I don 't think I had any emotional changes, i was pretty much myself. But so far my Nexplanon has done wonders. I have not had a period or any spotting until today.
I 've had back pain for almost 3 years now, sometimes to the point of tears due to simple actions like walking or bending. After being put on this medication 3-4 doses daily, I have had the pain relieved, and my actual mood and focus has increased at work. My previous evaluations and reviews were below average and now after being put on this treatment my last two reviews have increased to above average. It takes effect quite quickly and lasts for the directed amount of time on the prescription. The only con I have for this medication is that it affects myself in a negative way during intercourse. I have found when on the medication my climax takes 3-4 times as long or not at all during that time. Quite frustrating.
Had severe diarrhea, admitted in hospital. They gave me Flagyl,and it stopped the diarrhea. Then at home 4 years later had severe diarrhea and used 500mg of Flagyl 3 times a day,and was well. Thank the Lord for Flagyl.
I had this in hospital when I broke my arm. It worked awesome. The only negative was the constipation, unable to relieve myself for 4-5 days after.
Started smoking at 13, up to 2 1/2 pack a day. Wife also smoked, up to 2 packs a day.  We both started Zyban at the same time.  Took meds and smoked for a week, stopped the smoking, then a week later, stopped the meds.  Haven 't regretted doing it.  Although I don 't feel a whole lot better, still huff and puff at the top of the stairs, gained about 25 pounds, but I know we are both better for having quit.  Recommend to anyone who really wants to quit.
After being diagnosed with depression and generalized anxiety disorder, my doctor prescribed me Lexapro. I was very skeptical.  I finally took it after having a few days with me debating whether or not to take it. It made me feel a lot better. I 'm only a few days into it but I can feel a difference. I 'm a little dizzy and find myself yawning when I first take my dose of 10mg, but that usually goes away. I also had to use the restroom several times, but overall not a lot of side effects. I 'm surprised and pleased so far and I 'm sure I 'll have to up my dose in a few months.
Zantac worked wonders on me. I have taken this medicine for 3 almost 4 years now I used to not be able to eat. After I started this medicine I was able to eat a lot more. This worked wonders on me. The other day I took a Prevacid and it didn 't help at all. Also this didn 't work on me at first until my doctor put me on this 2X daily.
I get migraine and have found out by taking everything from prescription and over the counter medication that Excedrin was the only one that really worked. Now I can%u2019t find them in any store.
I got the Implanon 3 years ago and have had no side effects from it. Got it taken out today and had the Nexplanon put in the same spot. I am a bit sore from it but it was a much easier procedure then I thought it would be!
Suprep was absolutely wonderful! I added ginger ale with the solution and water. After taking the first dose at 6:00pm used the restroom for 1-1/2hrs, was able to sleep without interuptions. Second dose at 4:00am was also great, was able to sleep  1-1/2 hrs also. The Colonoscoby was a great procedure. I oped out on the anesthesiologist, I felt no need to pay two MD 's.  I had Versed and Fentanyl in the Ivy, it worked great. I was anxious and nervous,  I wanted to reschedule the procedure do to my anxiety. But I didn 't, if I can do it so can you. Good luck God Bless.
I was prescribed Bactrim for a bacterial skin infection under my arm. I get infections easily and am often on all kinds of antibiotics. Many bother me, but I have not had any problems at all while on Bactrim. And the skin infection has been clearing up very well (I 'm almost done with the medication.) I 'm very happy with this medication.
I 'm so glad I got Paragard. But at the beginning I almost took it out/INSERTION: Not going to lie, it really hurt for me. It felt like some of the worst cramps I 'd ever experienced. I didn 't take painkillers afterwards and the 40 minute bus ride home it felt like it was pulling apart my body. TAKE A GOOD DOSE OF ADVIL/IBUPROFEN. Afterwards: Horrible cramps, felt pretty sick for 5 days. My vagina felt like it 'd lost feeling. I tried to test it, and an orgasm really hurt. I thought something had gone wrong, After a week, things returned to normal, and sex felt good again. First two periods: They were the literal worst I 've had in my life. I was totally out of work.Periods since: I DON 'T HAVE CRAMPS ANYMORE! It 's so amazing. Period. Worth it.
Ruconest works perfect for me! I can self-administer and it works much quicker than Berinert and Firazyr. Also no issues with side effects so far. Thank you so much Ruconest! (And also my insurance ).
Been on this for roughly 3 weeks. I started taking 10 mgs but I 'm currently only taking 2.5 mgs. The first week was a lil bad. I took at night and the med kicked in in like 3 hours. I couldn 't sleep, had increased anxiety and it upset my stomach. I cut down to 5 then 2.5. Now I 'm fine,  panic attacks are pretty much gone (before I was getting them daily sometimes even 2 or 3 times). The attacks were starting to interfere with work n life n I had to get some help. I tried working out n eating better but it wasn 't helping. This works but it takes time. Also, I take this in the mornings with food. It gives me energy so taking at night wasn 't good for me bc it would keep me up. Start with a low dose so your body gets used to it.
This product really helps when it comes to congestion, runny nose, etc. Definitely recommend it for cold symptoms.
I have been on Depo for almost two years and it works like a charm! I never go past the 5 day period to get the shot and it is crucial for it to work to not exceed the time of your next shot. When I first started I did bleed for a month but it was not heavy. My periods lasted 8 days and cramps were horrible before the shot so it wasn 't that big of a deal for me. Now I don 't get periods ever and ever so often i might spot for a day or two. To be completely frank my partner and I do not use protection and I have not gotten pregnant so as far as contraceptives go this one is wonderful! I did experience dryness at first but it has since gone away.
I have been on this BC for around three years now. Going on Generess FE was an amazing decision, though adjustment was tough at first. I 'm actually on the generic version now since they released it, but my benefits are still there. I previously would have insane mood swings in the week leading up to my period--I 'm talking sporadic crying and feelings of anxiety. This went away when I started this medicine. My period lasts barely more than one or two days and I don 't need to buy more than the &quot;lite&quot; tampons. Periods now are completely painless and barely more than a slight inconvenience. My skin is clearer than ever, and this has worked wonders for me. I 'm not pregnant, and I 've reaped all the benefits of this medicine!
I found that this medication made a HUGE difference within even the first day of taking it, however, the nasty bitter taste was really hard to get by &amp; I even threw up once when i was trying to take it, BUT I discovered taking the pill with milk masks the nasty taste, I now put the pill on the back of my tongue and swallow it down with water. Try it, I guarentee it will help
Started Cipralex 10mg 7 months ago. First few weeks side effects were not enjoyable, but I stuck with it. Within a month not only was I noticing feeling better, but friends and family were also noticing I had a better overall mood. Last few weeks, I have had my DR up my does to 20mg a day, due to starting to feel the same horrible mood I did before starting. See to have build a small tolerance. In terms of anxiety, this medication has 0 effect in helping me.
I have experienced mild to moderate headaches relatively everyday, dry mouth, bad taste in my mouth after I have taken it, severe leg cramps and a loss of 28lbs in 3 months.  To off set the headaches and cramps I have increased my H2O intake to equal 1/2 of my body weight in oz.  Yes, it is a struggle to drink that much however the long term benefits out weigh the temporary issues.
Used on cracked hill on my feet.  Applied 3 times a day for two weeks.  Wonderful.  My feet are like a baby skin.
This drug is saving my life right now. Its a shame the people who abuse it ruin it for those of us who get relief from debilitating issues from it, because many doctors just don 't want to prescribe it now. I say what 's the point of having a drug if you can 't use it to help people who need it.
I have taken Prozac, Zoloft, Paxil, and then my Doctor Put me on WellButrin XL 150 in the morning and that was helping me but not in the evening so she increased the Wellbutrin XL to 300mg in the morning and 150 in the evening and that was working, my mood seem to be great! But then I learned since I take the 300 and 150 that there was a new formulation on the market called Forfivo XL 450 and I take that once a day in the morning along with some Lamictal 100mg and I feel GREAT. I don 't have the worrying I had at work with coworkers, or the mood swings I had while I was at work or being with family. I still take Klonopin 1mg three times a day for my anxiety and panic attacks and I take Klonopin 1mg at bedtime and Elavil 50mg to help me sleep.
Finished treatment almost a week ago. Undetectable virus load two weeks into treatment. Virus remains undetectable  Odd mild headache which lasted a couple of minutes, but took no medication whatsoever avoiding possible interaction. I 've had no other side effects. I continue working and living my normal life. I eat plenty vegetables; smoothie made of fresh bananas, blackberries, blueberries, mango and kiwis. I kept the weight at bay and drink fresh beetroot with green apple. No alcohol or fried foods &amp; drunk lukewarm water mixed with fresh lemon juice &amp; swallow raw garlic with an empty stomach. Contaminated illness during my childhood. Don 't despair. Treatment works &amp; it 's bearable. Best to you all.
After giving birth, lay up in a hospital bed and taking all kinds of medicines. Milk of Magnesia is the best way to get the well needed relief. For me, it doesn 't cause any of that rumbling you get with laxatives. Thanks.
I switched from Risperidal to Abilify two years ago.  On 15mg and it works much better for me. On Risperidal my symptoms (paranoia) still poked through, but not anymore.  Also the side effects are a lot less present.  I still sleep about 10 hours though. Otherwise my functioning is high.
Use to take occasional aids natural herbs and such when needed which was from months to days depending on stress and issues at the time. This has been all my adult life. Eventually I can get it under control.Fast forward to this past year. Got severely sick with some stomach parasites, lots about 20% weight and did not sleep but maybe half hour a day and an occasional 5-10 minute nap for several months, basically for 2 weeks straight I was fortunate if I could get 30 minutes. May natural stuff was not working. So my friend let me try his for the last few months - works. Took a few days to get use to. 25 mg works for me, with 12mg I get 3 hours, with 37.5mg about 14-18 hours. STRESS is the key, lower it is the better it works.
You owe it yourself to give this medication a chance. Been dealing with insomnia for 10 yrs. Then last year my little brother killed two people and committed suicide. My anxiety, depression, insomnia went into overdrive. No meds worked. Was prescribed 50 mg of generic Seroquel. If you 've had insomnia for years, nothing is going to work the first night. You 're worked up about the insomnia and so desperate for the pill to work that of course it 's going to be a night from hell. That led to a rocky 2nd night. Night 3 I slept great! It takes 2 1/2 hrs for onset. I owe my life to this medication. If you have the kind of insomnia that is near psychosis please give this medication a real chance. You do not have to suffer anymore. Sweet dreams.
I have been on Loestrin 24 for about 6 months now and am quite satisfied!  In the beginning, I did experience some nausea for about the first month but once I got over that hurdle everything has gone well.  NO bloating, NO nausea, NO mood swings, and MOST IMPORTANTLY A VERY SHORT CYCLE! My cycle has always been irregular; having about one a year. So with me getting older my doctor said it would be best for my health to try and regulate my cycle.  Well it worked!  If I must have a cycle each month (after not having to for the past 20 yrs) its nice to have one only for a few days and without any PMS symptoms!
Amazing topical relief. I 100% recommend it.
My hubby has been using this for years and has always said it works.  I AGREE 100%.  We are having difficulty finding it in the pharmacy stores, it seems that they are not carrying it anymore. 
I 've suffered for years with allergies both seasonal/environmental and chemical. I carried Benadryl and hydrocortisone in my purse for years.  I recently had issues with my ight hear with vibration and popping as well as hearing my inhalation through my nose in my ear.  I also had awful post nasal drip year round for as long as I could remember. I went to an ENT doc and he prescribed me Astelin.  I take one spray in each nostril in the morning and again at bedtime.  I 've been on it for about a month now and I have never felt better.  The hives have decreased, my swollen hands have gone down and my ear is like new! I highly recommend this antihistamine nasal spray. Inquire with your doctor about it!
My Father was given 6-8 weeks to live after his routine hip replacement turned into - this man has stage 4 lung cancer....Xalcori was our last hope....as we made his funeral preparations we noticed he seemed to be getting stronger not weaker.  He started gaining weight , not losing.  My Father is alive because of this drug....I 'M TEAM PFIZER!
I acquired a Staph infection after rotator cuff surgery. It was as painful if not more painful as shingles. Have been taking Zyvox for 14 days with 3 to go. It has worked to heal the sores. The problem is the constant stomach upset and nausea. It is a very unpleasant feeling. Somewhat like sea sickness.
42 year old female.  1 month ago I got went to urgent care for UTI.  I was given Cipro.  The burning never went away.  I finished all the antibiotics and say by Gyn.  Had another urine test along with a Pap.  All were normal.   This entire week I felt bad.  Extremely tired, shakey, weak, irritable and of course the burning that never stopped.  Went to urgent care tonight.    I saw a young male physicians assistant.   He suggested a rocephin shot.  It hurt like heck but 3 hours after the shot, it 's like I 'm healed instantly.   My whole body feels 100%better.  I think the burning is finally gone.  I hope I feel this great tomorrow.  It 's been one miserable month.
This is an exceptional medicine. I have been on it for only a couple of weeks. I have tried Seroquel, trazodone, Ambien and none of these have worked but alprazolam is a miracle medicine.
This is my 3rd month on doxycycline and my face have shown great improvements! I 'm 19 with oily skin and before I had moderately severe acne with cysts, papules and pustules.  At one point it hurt and annoyed me so much plus lowered my self esteem that I decided to meet a dermatologist . She prescribed 100mg of doxycycline along with 5% benzoyl peroxide to be taken daily . During the first month, it was horrible. My face broke out terribly but I guess that was a part of it, clearing out the disgusting stuff inside our face . In the second month my skin start to clear up, and now I can say that I 'm 95% acne free with occasional small zits during period but nothing hurt as much as before. The point is, don 't give up :)
This product is amazing. Cleared up fungus that I 've had for over 30 years in less than a year.
I was diagnosed with AFIB in 2012 at the age of 43, long sad frustrating story cut short, the doctor said there was nothing he could do about it. He sent me home to suffer with it. A couple of weeks ago I made an appt. with the clinic and the most wonderful nurse practioner started me on Metoprolol 25 mg/2x daily and &quot;I FEEL GREAT!&quot; I couldn 't believe how my heart calmed down, my anxiety was relieved, I SLEPT BETTER b/c it stopped the night time AFIB attacks which constantly woke me up in the middle of the night and i just feel much more comfortable in my own skin...I actually cleaned the house without any huffing, puffing or the usual AFIB attack. I agree that it makes me drowsy which is becoming less severe I LOVE IT! :)
Getting better results than with Lantus.  Used Lantus for 7 years.  I have used Toujeo for 1 year as of April 2016.  Did not experience any adverse side effects.  Blood sugar much more stable - not as many highs or lows.  Makes it easier to do fine-tuning with my mealtime insulin.  A1c came down and stayed between 6 and 6.3.
Ive been taking Dexilant for 3 months. Now I have diarrhea. Besides that this is my miracle pill.
Cytomel was great for me until it wasn 't. Due to a pharmacist error of my Cytomel I 'm now disabled for life due to thyrotoxicosis. My reg dosage 15mcgs daily,and for 3 months. I was given 150 mcgs daily. I also was taking 75mcgs T4 daily. I assumed I was dying and started to get my affairs in order. On the 4th refill the pharmacist caught his mistake and called my Dr. Because to this day there 's been no data of any person having an overdose of T3 Cytomel for at least 3 months my Dr 's have done there best.  The American Thyroid Org. has no data on it either. I and many others have looked worldwide. So I 'm asking for help on this site from anyone with info I can 't except that I have permanent brain damage and such a compromised immune system. Thx
Hey gang....Ya i have bad MDD...with Anxiety and PTSD. At first i was on 10mg Lexapro with .5 mg Clonopin. I told my doc that i wasnt feeling any better. Now i 'm 20mg Lexapro, 1mg Rexulti and .5mg Clonopin. I 'm noticing good changes.To balance the weight and restlessness, I decided to get up early and do a quick workout and i substituted any junk food for apples, oranges, bananas, raw carrots for protein- roasted chicken, cottage cheese, bagels.....you can add what you likei do have some vivid dreams, restless, head aches, blurry vision and numbness/tingling in right arm. DOC says it should go away
Takes pain away instantly. Amazing medicine
I had recurring boils in one area. They would show up randomly so the dr. was never able to take a culture since they would come to a head and then pop whenever. He put me on a 20 day regimen of Keflex (500) and another ointment antibiotic that he told me to dab into my nose. He said for some odd reason, boils seem to start in the nose. I followed the instructions and had a minor recurrence several months later. I went immediately to see him so he put me back on Keflex. These boils were clustered and leaving scars in the area. They haven 't recurred and the scars are gone. Since I caught them starting the 2nd time, they never had a chance to come to a head because I stayed on top of it. I highly recommend it for a skin bacterial infection.
I have been on this medication for over 9 years and it works great for me. My periods are way lighter and the pain is much more manageable. It causes no mood swings or weight gain for me. Overall, works great and is very affordable; my insurance covers all of it, but even without insurance it 's only $9/month.
After 8 weeks virus free !! No discomforts.Typ 1
I was hooked on opiates for 10 years! Mostly snorting oxy and perks for the first 7 to 8 years and the last 2 years I was introduced to morphine H and hydromorphone as well as the needle. Although I was a mess all these years it wasn 't until I tried the needle that opened my eyes to my addiction. I went downhill fast.  I tried everything but there was no stopping this. I tried cold turkey to quit a few times and almost went crazy and died from sickness. The sickness I started to feel from the needle was way worse than it ever was sniffing. I knew I had to get off but I tried methadone before and it didn 't help me it made me feel the exact opposite of how suboxone makes me feel. Subs=energy,happy,stable,no urges, not stoned
I was in a bad car accident 3 years ago and it tore up my already injured back. At first I relied on Cymbalta and narcotics to get through the pain. The narcotics lifted my mood and the Cymbalta did help with all other pain. Eventually the narcotic I was on (lortab) stopped working all together. I 'm not a big fan of opiates for pain relief and would not have taken them had it not been my only choice to feel normal. (I couldnt even sit in my car for more than 15 mins without searing nerve pain).I accidently stumbled on a review that said Wellbutrin also helped with back pain. It has been the best thing that 's happened to me. It has replaced both meds and I feel great! Cymbalta was horrible to come off of, Lortab not so much but think I was just lucky.
I 'm 17 years old and I have Suttons Disease 2 and my doctor told me to take Nucynta 4 times a day. Well I can only take it once a day because it is very strong. It did relieve my pain but I 'm having VERY bad anxiety and I can 't sit still or concentrate at school or work, but I am pain free.
Great
I started Saxenda in June 2017. I 've lost 40 lbs. Since I started. I also combined it with the Ketogenic diet. The first month I felt nauseous and no appetite. It made me dizzy not eating. So, I forced myself to eat high fat low carb foods and man it helped. It 's amazing what an avocado a day can do for you. I am now trying to incorporate a regular (portion controlled) diet into my life. It 's a lot harder than you think after limiting carbs for a few months. I have about 30 more lbs to lose before my goal weight. I started at 5 '6 213lbs. Size 14. I weigh 175 now and a size 10. I 'm at that point were I 'm fearful it 's going to stop working - I hope not but we will see. One more thing... my insurance through work pays 100% for this medication.
Low back pain, leg pain.
Battled bacterial vaginitis for years before I found out about Tindamax. It worked wonders my first round of it 4 pills 2 days. I got it again a year later and this time ...side effects kicked in big time. My fingers were sore, severe muscle aches, red inflamed spots on my chest, fever and headaches. It lasted 1 whole day but the bacterial vaginitis was gone and haven 't had it since but it gave me a yeast infection.
After taking buproprion hcl XL 150mg a day I felt some relief from depression, anxiety and adhd. My MD thought I should see a psychiatrist and would not increase my dosage. I went online and found that the proper dosage for me should be 300 mg a day.  As a duplicate bridge player my performance went from last to an astounding first place finish yesterday. Listen to your doctor but do your own research.
Given for back pain due to ruptured disc it works fairly well. Thanks
Metrogel is a very good solution to curing a vaginal infection. A common side effect not listed is heavy discharge. I have also experienced pelvic cramping from day 3-7 but about the same as menstrual cramps.
I had been prescribed Klonopin in the past to treat severe anxiety until my appointment with a psychiatrist who deemed that such an approach to my anxiety issues was heavy handed. He took me off of them and since then I 've been on Lexapro, Buspar, Seroquel, Zoloft, Pristiq, Paxil, Atarax all to little or no avail. I moved to a different area and got a new Psychiatrist who diagnosed me with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The original course of treatment for that was Ativan 0.5mg three times daily. I was switched to Xanax 1mg twice a day as needed. A couple of months passed by without substantial improvement and I was bumped to Xanax 1mg 3x day Doctor decided Klonopin would be a better approach earlier today. So far so good.
This stuff straight up works. I 'm a 27 year old who has performance anxiety issues, and this stuff is a life saver. Don 't listen to those who say it doesn 't help with psychological issues; it really does! My only two complaints are the cost, and ironically, sometimes it 's TOO easy to get an erection (it doesn 't take too much stimulation and it 's rock hard).
I had the first afib experience in 2004 (age 63)while playing senior softball, took shock paddles to convert.  Kept playing sports and had second episode in 2007, converted with Amiodarone. Stayed on that until new doctor (insurance changed), took me off without a replacement, re-ocurrence couple months later, restarted on Amiodarone for conversion. Back with original doctor, kept up Amiodarone and all the blood work, x-rays, pulmonaryfunction tests, etc. required semi-annual till 2014. Finally (after more tests) was switched to  100 mg. Flecanide &amp; 12.5 mg. Metoprolol  twice daily, with no semi-annual tests.So far-so good, except for some arthritis ? issues, still active in sports (senior). Hopefullythis will stay with me.
Started off with Concerta in May 2012 it was not effective at all, switched over to Adderall XR 10mg in July 2012 for seven days as a starter dose, then started Adderall XR 20mg,  I noticed a considerable difference between the two medicines instantly. I am able to focus for a very long period of time without being distracted, my grades improved exceptionally, I went from receiving grades below 55% now my lowest grade is 83%. The benefits of this medicine do outweigh the side effects for me, I noticed 20 minutes after taking Adderall, I have increased bowel movements, lower libido and decreased appetite. I stop taking Adderall during breaks and long weekends, the first day not on it, I am extremely tired, exercising and eating healthy helps.
I have been on Latuda for about 2 months now, I take 120mg at about 8-8:45pm every night. Positives are that it makes me have almost no manic episodes and very few &quot;mood switches&quot;. It has also helped with my sleep. Before I was getting about 2-4 hours asleep at most each day. Now with the Latuda I sleep from about 9pm till 10am. The struggles I have with it are that it makes it very very hard to get up in the morning for school or whatever unless I get to sleep in until my body is ready. It has also made it very hard for me to eat. Since starting I have lost nearly 15 pounds. Other than that Latuda has made a huge impact on my life. I 'm finally starting too feel like how a normal 16yr old should!
Great miracle.
If not for this antibiotic my husband would have been dead several times over. Incidentally I 'm a Registered nurse. I see where a number have people have attributed wild &quot;side effects ' to this drug. Many are confusing symptoms of their illness with side effects of the antibiotic. Just because you experience something unusual for you when your sick doesn 't mean its the fault of the antibiotic. Being ill is an abnormal state for ones body yet some of these people seem to think that any effect of the illness they weren 't expecting MUST BE attributable to something else and often they blame the treatment rather than the illness. If you 've been prescribed Levaquin I urge you to take many of these  'reviews ' with more than a grain of salt! An EXCELLENT drug!
My experience with Ovace Plus has been amazing.  I 've tried over the counter shampoo like Nizoral and Loprox (prescription) and nothing has worked for my dandruff like Ovace.  They stopped making it for a while and I freaked out.  Its now back!  Please try it, not only did it do wonders for my scalp but it even seemed to help the skin around my hair line in my face.  It was $50 with my prescription but ask the doctor for Ovace discount card and you might be able to get it for $20.  You won 't be disappointed.
I take 300 mg 3x a day and I feel the best I 've felt in 10 years. Nothing has worked to calm my anxiety like Gabapentin including Klonopin or Xanax. I 'm happy, relaxed, motivated and most importantly my appetite for alcohol which I used excessively to calm my anxiety has completely disappeared. I hope I can take this medication for forever. Life is finally good again.
I have severe insomnia, secondary to serious problems with my back.  Basically I need help falling asleep and staying asleep as something as simple as rolling over will cause me to bolt right awake.  I take secobarbital (Seconal Sodium) and temazepam (Restoril). Usually, I take temazepam with Seconal at bedtime and another temazepam during my nightly awakening.Seconal is not used as a &quot;first line&quot; insomnia treatment any longer.  However, if the weaker sedatives fail you, it really will get you to sleep. Absolute caution is needed, the reputed strength and history of this medication is no joke.  
Helped me more than other benzodiapines.
I am a type two that went into Diabetic ketoacidosis (DKA) and spent three days in the ICU. Once I got out I found an endocronologist and he put me on Glyxambi and My numbers stay between 90 and 120. I also do not eat very many carbs. My doctor gave me a discount card that I use when I get my script filled and the 30 day supply is free with the card. I feel better than I have in years and my last A1c was 6.5 I have been on this drug since April 2016 and today is Oct 27th 2016
I been on nexplanon for 2 years I don 't Recommend this birth control if u an a  relationship u will be on your period for so long  I suffered with shortness of breath  anxiety  bad acne an long periods
I started Isentress twice a day along with Truvada once a day and my HIV Load was 28,000 and CD4% 31%. After 40 days my HIV load is &lt;20 and CD 4% 32.7. Excellent improvement considering I have experienced ZERO side effects and all other lab work came out well. I am 49 yrs old and very active.
I was offered sertraline (Zoloft) after a relapse of Generalized Anxiety Disorder which brought with it a severe case of Pure-o intrusive thoughts of the harm variety. These thoughts were ruining my life and making me depressed. I was prescribed 50mg per day. The first 3 days were hell with a huge increase in fatigue, depression and intrusive thoughts. I almost gave up it was that bad. I was using diazepam 2mg In those first 3 days and thought they weren 't playing nice with the Zoloft so I stopped them. I saw instant improvement after doing so. Now I am 7 days in and have had the best day ever. My intrusive thoughts are far fewer and far easier to simply dismiss. Amazed.
I have struggled with nail for 8 or ten years. All but two toenails were dark. The big toes were thick and tender. I had tried all the home remedies and four bottles of Formula 3 bought from my podiatrist. The Formula 3 was the only thing that gave minimal results. My dermatologist prescribed Kerydin which is working great for me. I was applying twice a day for the first two months. This caused redness and peeling so I cut back to once a day. After four months of use, I can wear sandals again. My left pinky toenail is still thick but will probably heal in time. I 'm sorry it isn 't working for everyone but keep trying different things. You never know what might work for you. I 'm blessed that my insurance covers this or I couldn 't afford it.
I 've had pins and needles in both hands from a pinched nerve in my neck. Muscle relaxers, stretching, new pillow, heat, nothing was working. This works really well.
I 'm 18 and I 've had the Mirena for about 6 months. I wanted to try a new form of birth control because I always forgot to take the pill and I spotted really bad with the nuvaring. I took pain killers about an hour before the insertion of my IUD On a scale of 1-10 the pain was probably a 3. It 's uncomfortable more than anything. There was some pressure, a slight pinch followed by a little cramping but the pain was very mild. My doctor said that light spotting and cramping is expected for about 6 months but I haven 't experienced any if that. I went to soccer practice that day and felt 100% fine. 6 months later I haven 't had any noticeable side effects! I haven 't had a period either. 10/10 would recommend.
I have suffered depression off and on for over 20 years. I take Cymbalta for chronic pain and still have fallen in a deep depression. My doctor added Pristiq and after day 1 I 'm feeling much better!
I have realized after my child started taking Vyvanse, her grades improved dramatically! She is able to concentrate and pay attention to what is going on instead of being confused. This medication has been working great for her and we have not had to up the dosage. It was very scary at first, however, it turned out to be a great decision.
I started using Levora after stopping Yasmin. I 'm starting my third Levora pack next week and so far my experience with Levora has been great! No headaches, no nausea, no feeling physically weak or overly emotional. My libido is really high and my breasts have gotten a little bigger. I did, however, have the food cravings as mentioned in other comments and it did make me gain a little weight but I notice that when I 'm taking the reminder pills I 'm a lot slimmer than when I 'm taking the active pills. I also have increased acne by very, very little, nothing that makes me complain or feel annoyed. I recommend Levora for anyone debating on it. It worked well for me!
6 years. No health issues or pregnancy scares.
I have been taking 75mg topamax one a day for about 10 years now. I have gone as far as taking 100mg until I started not being able to get the words out that I was thinking of. That side effect has not completely gone away but is better. When I first started I did have the tingling in my hands and feet but it was no more than like having carpal tunnel, I also have the weird taste where soda tasted flat and tomatos tastes weird. I did loose a little weight. The tingeling went away, I adjusted to just not drinking soda. And tomatos started to taste fine. I also take Sumatriptan for when I still do get a headache. However the headaches are much fewer and further beteeen. I will get a cluster of them about every six mths but still better.
After breaking both ankles in 1987, I was diagnosed with arthritis in 1997, I put up with mild pain and joint stiffness for years until I started my new job in 2011 at age 45, (7-8 hours a day non stop on my feet) after each shift I would be in so much excruciating pain I wondered if the job was worth it. Went to see my doctor who prescribed 100mg Celebrex twice a day, first few days I noticed a small improvement but also had a bit of stomach discomfort. After a few weeks it was like I had new ankles! Little to no pain, so I went down to 100mg a day on days I don 't work and 200mg a day when I work. Only other side effect I have had is significant hair loss/ thinning for a couple weeks every 6 months, it grows back though.
I was told by several doctors that I may be bipolar and finally went in to the psychiatrist recently. I was experiencing major mood swings and mixed emotions, paranoia. I couldn 't even go to the grocery store without my heart racing and my chest tightening and thinking horrible gruesome thoughts. I have always been on Effexor XR 150 mg a day for my depression and anxiety. The doc added to it 40 mg of Geodon at night to start with, and I have never felt so free. I can think clearly and not dwell on every racing thought. The racing and paranoid thoughts are actually gone and I can handle reality again. I could probably stand to up the dosage a bit but this medicine has been a miracle for me. I have felt amazing.
A couple of years ago I ended up with anxiety and depression. My doctor prescribed Citalopram. I started at 20mg and after a couple of weeks increased my dosage to 40mg. There were side effects. Sweats, waking up at 3:00 and not able to get back to sleep. It took sbout 6 weeks before I felt great. Much happier, little to no anxiety and my wife notice the change for the better. I stayed on Citalopram for about 6 months and over a month kept reducing my dosage by 10mg weekly until I was off the meds. I had no withdrawal at all. Felt great as I went off the meds.  Had some personal problem that sent me sideways and the doctor put me back on Citalopram. took about 6 weeks for it to work just like the first time. Feeling myself again
This product does work. I used to sweat so bad it was not fun. I would never wear a white shirt because it would stain it, even my black shirts would get ruined because of deodorant, so I started buying bigger shirts so that they wouldn 't touch my armpits. I could be freezing cold and still have sweat marks. So a friend of mine told me to try this product. I put it off for a few months then I just had enough, saw it in the drug store and said why not lets give this a shot. I noticed a difference after 1 night but did it for 3. The only complaint that I have with this product is how much it stings and burns. I try to make sure I don 't shave my armpits the day I want to I put it on and I try to make them as clean and dry as possible. It 's totally worth it.
I have had anxiety, panic attacks &amp; obsessive thoughts for years on and off. About 5 months ago I started to get horrible non-stop intrusive thoughts I knew the thoughts/fears/worries were nonsense but I couldn 't turn them off. I was in a panic attack from the moment I woke up to the moment I fell asleep. I would wake up several times at night in full blown panic....it was horrible. I never ever wanted to take medicine I was so afraid of it not working or it making me worse. Zoloft has helped me so much at first I had a good day then a bad day  and I wasn 't sure if that was normal. after 2 months the doctor upped my dose then a month later I felt better then 100% still a little anxious during my period  but very mild and manageable.
I 've had the Implanon for about 6 months now. The insertion hurt a little bit but it was definitely worth it - the next 3 years of worry free birth control. I absolutely LOVE not getting a period anymore and I truly trust this method enough to not need the reassurance of a period. The ONLY things I do not like about Implanon are the mood swings and weight fluctuation (about 5 lbs more or less). People close to me have really noticed a change in my irritability. I wouldn 't consider myself a extremely bad by any means, it is tolerable, I just demand a lot more alone time than I used to. I would recommend this birth control to anyone.
I was diagnosed with interstitial cystitis several months ago.  The pain was so debilitating that I couldn 't even see patients for about 3 days (I 'm a dentist).  The pain brought me to tears.  I was afraid that I would have to go on disibility.  My new urologist put me on amytripyline a few weeks ago.  It worked almost immediately. Most days I 'm almost pain-free.  I got my life back.
First day of Adipex.. My doctor wrote me a prescription for full dose but advised me to start with half of a pill due to anxiety I may have. Took the half pill this morning and boy do I feel the energy.. Hopefully I can stay on the half strength but I 've been reading reviews that say that the effects wear off after a few days. I 'm a nurse so I do like the extra energy.. My starting weight is 215..ultimate goal is 165..but for now getting under 200 would be great. Hopefully I can use this extra energy to go to the gym..I 'll keep everyone updated. I love reading everyone 's weight loss stories.. Good to know I 'm not the only one who has weight loss as an issue. Best of luck to everyone.. And stay hydrate
This product along with Solodyn has worked great for me. I have been using these products for a little over a month now and my face is mostly clear of acne! I definitely recommend this product! Now just to deal with the acne marks.
I NEVER write reviews but today I decided to because when I was looking through all the reviews here it really helped me. so I 'm gonna pay it back and hope to help someone else .... I 've never taken this pill before, never really had to but there 's always a first time for everything ! So, I took it about 3 hours after my bf finished inside of me . I was freaking out !! I freaked out everyday until today when I finally got my period .. I had sex 9/10, and was supposed to get my period 9/26, I got it 9/25. No side effects except mild nausea , and cramps all the way until today ! But it worked. So let 's thank God and all these people that work making these drugs for us !  Hope i could help someone with this review
L-Tryptophan has worked wonders for my insomnia, PMS, anxiety and depression. No side effects, although the bottle sayS take 3 capsules, I ONLY take 1 at night and wake up feeling great.
50 mg/day helps a lot.  Much better than 25 mg/da.I 've experimented with 100 mg/day and that 's much better.  I have dry pants at the end of the day for the first time in decades.  No side effects, but insurance doesn 't cover 100 mg/da
We used Malarone during our trip in Tanzania. To tell the truth, we were afraid of some bad comments about this drug. In fact, nothing happened to us. We were taking Malarone every day after our breakfast, so as to avoid an upset stomach. I think that, for malaria, Malarone is a very safe and without serious side effects.
This product is just terrific. I can eat ice cream without heating it.  It 's a  great product that I highly recommend. I 've tried many of the other prescription options available and this is by far the best.  It needs some good marketing to spread the good word about how it can help people.
This medication is amazing, but after 2 months I gained 20lbs. :/
I have been on the Carosel of medicines for months now and Geodon has been the only one to help cease the hallucinations and the paranoia but not inhibit my ability to think. Bloating is the only side effect that is uncomfortable so far.
I chose this method after my body rejected 3 IUD 's. I had never had a baby, but I wanted a long term and effective method of birth control. I found this to be the best fit for me. I had great success with Depo in the past. I was on it for nearly ten years with only minimal spotting. When I did spot I took estrogen supplements and stopped spotting in a couple days.It didn 't hurt at all when I got it. It hasn 't given me any problems the whole time I had it. My only concern is what will happen when I get it taken out.
Just started cosentyx-  90 per cent of my body covered have used humira,stellara, otezela and multiple creams without much success 4 days after loading dose my hands were 74 per cent better- I 'm excited to say this is s great choice w little side effects
I have been taking clonazepam .5 MG 's once daily if needed for over a year now, and let 's just say this medicine has done wonders for me! I suffer with horrible panic disorder as well with agoraphobia without clonazepam I probably would never be able to leave my house, I only take it when I need it which is usually three times a week depending but just knowing I have it helps calm me down, I am also on Zoloft 75mgs and the combo works great for me!
I love Celexa. I was getting depressed after long hours of med school and studying and feeling like I had no time enjoyment. Celexa took about 3 weeks to work, but it worked and continues to work. I no longer feel depressed every day. Sometimes I sink into depression, but I am able to snap out of it much quicker. I feel less moody, and my boyfriend has noticed an improvement in my mood. The only side effect I experience is decreased sex drive/harder time climaxing, but I would prefer that over going off the deep end. I will continue to take this and consider weening myself from it once life is less stressful. Great medicine that can save your life.
I suffered burst fractures, nerve damage, spinal cord damage, due to a bad car accident in September  '09. Not only has MS Contin worked well, it 's relatively inexpensive compared to other extended release medications. People talk about how great the Fentanyl patch is for chronic, severe pain. But you can 't control the amount of medicine entering your system, it 's unpredictable, certain brands are being recalled because of defective pouches. Plain old morphine. It 's been around forever and nothing works as well. The only problem is I 've grown tolerant and needed 2 increases in the past year. I guess that will happen with any medication. With my latest increase (100mg 4X daily) I 've been able to cut down on the oxycodone by half!
I have been on percocet for many years and it greatly helps my Chronic pain. Without it I wouldn 't be able to walk! Only problems I have is constipation
I was told that I have Panic Disorder and Bipolar Disorder. After suffering horrible panic attacks from the withdrawals from Zoloft, I was given Klonopin to calm down. For once, everything felt normal. I was calm and collected after that. I 've been on it ever since, I take every couple of days when I 'm anxious along with Neurontin 300mg, 3 times a day. Definitely helps with the anxiety, I would recommend this to everyone.
I started Contrave daily 3 months ago. Initially, I had a bit of trouble falling asleep and felt mildly light headed and sometimes dizzy and lightheaded  when I was getting out of bed or getting up up from a chair. I did not think this new pill was working for me and then,as I hung in and with patience-I began to lose weight.I am happy to report I have now lost 25 lbs. It has been so very long that I have been able to lose this kind of weight.I a very pleased.Just hope CONTRAVE is safer than the last FDA approved diet pill, that caused heart valve damage.Lauren R
I was on Loestrin FE for 5 years and I was also diagnosed with bi-polar disorder while I was in high school. Loestrin worked for a little bit but I gained 20 pounds quick. I still had sexual desire mentally but my body wouldn 't react and I was always too tired or to moody or to emotional. And since I 've been on it for a while the side effects seemed like they hit me a second time and it was like my period was playing peek-a-boo with me. But 3 months ago I switched to Beyaz and I 've never been more happy and more...well....attacking my fiance. I give Beyaz a 10 and highly recommend it! And I 'm 20.
I was in a motorcycle wreck when I was younger. I almost lost my leg. Was in the hospital 4 months.  I couldn 't walk for 2 years. Found a new doctor. He operated on it and it healed but I started having problems. My leg was 2 inches shorter then the other. I had broke my leg in 3 places.  Messed up the nerves and all my toes got broke. As each year went by my foot started turning into a club foot. After 17 operations and was told I need an ankle replacement but my doctor told me operation doesn 't last and the down time is long. I have chronic pain and I get migraines. Over the years I have been on many different pain meds. Oxymorphone ER has given me more relief then any other. Endo pulling Opana ER but Global has Oxymorphone ER
I have been on Contrave since August, 2016.  To date I have lost 45 pounds and have not experienced negative side effects.  I am able to say no to second helpings and often decline completely foods that I would have readily consumed in excess a year ago. I follow my doctor 's instruction to take this medication with a lean protein and I have found this to be  effective for tolerance of Contrave.  The two times I took Contrave on an empty stomach I felt nauseous, so I simply don 't take it on an empty stomach.  For me this has helped me tremendously.  I can walk and run farther and faster and my blood pressure is stable for the first time in about 6 years.
I just read most of the reviews and half of them to me are ridiculous, anxiety, and depression?? your period gives you mood swings being a girl you get mood swings !!! I 've been on this pill since I was 15 I am 22 now never had a problem unless I miss a few pills, I have never been pregnant, very light blood, no cramps, very little pimples to anyone with bad acne and bad cramps I highly recommend this pill. I used to throw up because of my bad cramps and now I rarely even get one
Along with Otezla I had great results! No itch, no misery, no side effects other than clearer skin. All my scaling and flakes are invisible  except of my left calve which is a faint light pink.
Recently started taking this pill and it has been working great so far. I have tried many other pills and have had horrible side effects but with Gildess 1/20 so far so good. I have had very mild side effects ( light nausea and sore breasts) which only lasted two days. I would definitely reccomend this pill to anyone looking for a birth control pill with little to no side effects!
Hello!!! I 'm a 28 year old female   Started out at 233 lb. doctor put me on Phentermine and it was the WORST--ended up in the hospital with severe dehydration and heart palpitation.  It also made me so tired I couldn 't even function!!!! Thankfully she took me off last week and started me on Contrave for my addictive personality (food and cigarettes).  Well this is day 5 and I haven 't had a craving for a ciggy yet AND I 'm down 8 lbs....the key is YOU HAVE TO EAT. You have to eat 5 small meals a day and drink drink drink that water!!!!!!   Incorporate exercise too.  I don 't think most people are doing any of the above that 's why they have no results!!! I haven 't had any side effects (yet, knock on wood). But I really think this medicine is it
I have been taking daytrana since 2010 it works great but now I have partial heart failure and pulmonary hypertension. I didn 't abuse the patch I took one 30mg patch a day! I 'm 35 and now it doesn 't work like it use to because of one side effect that it gave me so yes use with caution and don 't use it everyday if you don 't have to!
This is one of the only drugs that I don 't have any side effects from.
I love this form of birth control. I don 't have to worry about a pill every day. I don 't have periods. It last for 5yrs. All my friends have fears about it because everyones body is different. But I haven 't had any trouble with mine and I have had it for 4yrs now.
I have been on this medication for over 3 years. I finally found a medicine that really takes my anxiety away when I have my attacks. It has greatly allowed me to be myself again. Much better then anything else I have ever tried. My Doctor prescribed me this along with 1 mg of clonazepam and I sleep very well considering my previous condition.
I started Latuda six months ago and I got my life back. I initially had an upset stomach for one week, which was relieved with food. No other side effects. After four weeks I felt good and after eight weeks I returned to myself. I had been diagnosed with severe treatment  resistant  depression for 2 1/2 years. I had tried all medications from different classes. I would highly recommend this  drug. Life saver.
I am 19 with severe testicular pain, at first the doctor prescribed meloxicam which helped but made me sick, then he put me on Vimovo, didn 't help at all and I was up all night vomiting. I told him I needed something better. At first he was reluctant to give me Vicodin or Percocet. He later prescribed me Percocet 5/325 and man, that stuff really works, it makes you feel like yourself, no pain, no anxiety, no depression, it is a miracle for me. You must stop as the pain goes and please only take as directed by your doctor as it can become very addicting. A few downsides are: tiredness, nausea (sometimes) and you want to talk a LOT.
I 'm so glad I 've finally found birth control that works for me. I can 't do combination birth control pills at all because of it 's negative side effects. It 's been pretty great so far. Nothing has changed about my weight, I 've actually started loosing a few pounds, but I am more active. I started it on the first day of my period and since then, I have had some spotting, but doesn 't bother me. My next period on this pill was extremely light. My periods are usually heavy but it is a plus not to waste money on tampons anymore! Only downside is I do notice a few more acne breakouts at time, but it 's better than having pregnancy scares! It 's also great on that aspect, we only use this as birth control and I haven 't gotten pregnant so :)
I had a real rough time falling asleep so my doc prescribed Ambien. It worked tremendously but after 3 days I experienced finger joint pain, by the 5th day wrist and finger joint paint was excessive. I will stop using and hope the pain goes away!
Because of an auto accident a year ago I had a partial separation of my right sacroiliac joint. I 've taken Advil, Celebrex, and Mobic along with steroid injections and received little or no pain relief. Zipsor is the only medication I 've taken that has reduced the inflammation long enough for the joint to begin to heal thus giving my pain relief.
I had bad rls. It went up my arms and down my legs .I am on lamictal 300mg once a day and trazodone 50mg at night. The trazodone seemed to make it worse.  Mirapex did nothing to help the restlessness .  As soon as I was prescribed neurontin, I felt better. 300mg x5 a day.  I would recommend this drug for anyone with rls.
I suffered with RA for over 15 years in most of my joints.  6 years ago I moved to a new state and started with a new RA doctor.  She started me on Remicade and lowered the dosage of methotrexate.  I have been pain free for the past 6 years.  Love my doctor and Remicade.
I 've had the Mirena for more than a year now. I 'm a very young mom and decided to get the Mirena as soon as possible (Which is 6 weeks after giving birth). I heard many horror stories but I knew this was one of my only options. I 'm glad I went with my gut instinct, I absolutely LOVE the Mirena. It has been completely safe and I have had no bad side effects. After my 5 years are up, I 'm sure I 'll get it again.
I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia a week ago and my doctor put me on Savella. I 'm able to do things I couldn 't do before without being so tired. I recommend it to whoever has fibromyalgia. It really does work. Give it a try first before you give up.
Suffered depression, panic and general anxiety in my thirties, tried several other SSRI 's and they made me feel worse. Venlafaxine was the one that really improved things for me, take 150mg a day in the morning and life is just much easier to deal with now.
I started taking Lexapro going on 3 weeks ago and I think it 's great.  The side effects that I suffered in the very beginning were headaches but they are all pretty much gone.I also did not put on any additional weight. I actually lost about 4 pounds. It seems to suppress my appetite. I highly recommend it.
I suffered from inherited depression (chemical imbalance). My family doctor put me and my mother on it at the same time. We both were nauseous and had headaches for the first 2 weeks, the subsided. Then we went up a dose after a month to 100 mg and had the same side affects again but then went away. Now we are both happy-go-lucky. Zoloft made me normal again. Which I had forgotten what normal was years ago. Saved my marriage and my life as well. I recommend taking it at night though. 
Works wonders on lower back pain but sometimes needs a narcotic pain killer or muscle relaxer for days when pain is more severe.  Downside of this drug is that taking too much causes excruciating abdominal cramping and stabbing gas pains in the intestines.  But it 's an 8-hour pill, so pain relief usually lasts and it is not hard to space doses out since it lasts so long.
Works great against allergy (25mg) and also somewhat against asthma (due to the anticholinergic properties: dilates the airways). When taking Atarax I can reduce the amount of asthma reliever medication (terbutaline). Side effects: Drowsiness (in the beginning), headache (disappeared after the third pill), muscle twitches and some muscle aches.
An update from my post in April 2013.  I have been on Stribild for over two years now.  I have been undetectable since (two months after starting).  I have had no side effects and it 's easy to take.  I take it every morning with breakfast (that works for me).  Stribild is great, I have no complaints.  Gilead copay assistance makes my copay free; so that 's fantastic as well.  It 's devastating to find out the news you 're HIV positive but it 's great to know there 's medicines like Stribild to make that situation manageable.
I 've had the implanon for about 5-6 months now. I 've gained about 8 pounds within those months. It is a very effective birth control, but I 've never been so moody and angry in my life. Ever since I 've got it my boyfriend and I have noticed my moods being completely different and awful. Not only have I gained weight, but its also making me break out really bad.  My acne will not go away no matter what I try to use.
I have suffered from severe plaque psoriasis for ten years. I have taken every biologic medicine that is available and Stelara has been by far the BEST. It has totally changed my life the past two years and the GOOD news is my dermatologist said it is not one of the medicines that eventually stops working like the others. If it clears you and you are healthy with no major side effects its possible to live a psoriasis free life for years! The side effects of many biologics were harsh especially Remicade but the last two years on Stelara I have only noticed a bit of fatigue and only one upper respiratory infection.
Really did the trick for my migraine with no side effects.  Tastes terrible but I 'll take that over a migraine any day!
great drug with few if any side effects.... especially in adults.
I 'm 48 years old, and my Doctor has recently prescribed me Estrace Vaginal Creme because intercourse was becoming unbearable. Very painful and I was tearing! Geez! So far, the vaginal pain and dryness seems to be decreasing, as I 've been only using the creme for the past month. I have no side effects at all so far. That 's a good thing! However, I do find the creme very expensive!
I took this for BV and it 's been mostly fine. I 'm just really bloated and it can get uncomfortable, also inconvenient to have to fart ALL the time.
After reading horror stories about birth control online, I was very nervous to start taking the pill. I decided to try Ortho Tri Cyclen Lo, and it was the best decision I could have made. I never gained a single pound, my mild acne disappeared and my periods became regular, light and short. I should also add that I have unprotected sex regularly and have never had a pregnancy scare. This pill worked wonderfully for me and I honestly believe that its the best birth control out there.CON: I only experienced one side effect from this birth control pill: Every month, after taking the first pill of the pack, I experience intense nausea. THIS SIDE EFFECT DOES GO AWAY after time.
Wow! I LOVE this medicine! I am excited about the hope of bigger breast, aren 't we all ladies? It apparently has increased my sex drive. I am 35 years of age, married for 18 years and have 5 children. I cannot say anything bad at all about this medication, I love it! Oh yeah, it regulates my periods so as I have them more often with less cramps, I also have lighter periods, which is always a plus.
Since the age of 11 I suffered with cystic acne and later in life I had cysts on my face, chest, back and breasts, and inner thighs. Constant blood and drainage of pus was a regular everyday event for me. After being prescribed Accutane my life changed. Nothing had ever worked. I used every soap, cream and antibiotic known to man with no results whatsoever. My acne went away and stayed away. It was like a miracle! Later in life I was put on the generic form and was not pleased at all. It did nothing.
I have been on Depo now for over 20 years - I should be paid to be their poster child. It was the miracle medicine for me and my body. After 10 horrific years of monthly hell, I started Depo. Immediately, the periods went away, my hormones balanced and I literally regained my life. I have had no long term effects, no weight gain, no side effects at all. For the right person, this works amazingly well. For others, it does not. But it IS worth a try!
My life before this god send medicine was awful agitated, stressed with no reason, light depressed I couldn 't think straight. 2 months of taking this drug felt it  relieved all . I take only 10mg of cipralex. Please all IBS suffers I know what painful IBS are and embarrassing. please don 't give up try this you wouldn 't feel relieved for awhile may be 1 or 2 or 3 months  but it will work - don 't give up. I hope IBS suffers find this helpful for them.thank you a 'll
Best medicine on the market, unfortunately my insurance company refuses to pay for it which usually means I end up with bronchitis at least twice a year.
I began Pristiq about 6 months ago. At first, it worked better for me than any I 've ever taken. Now, though, I have days when I feel like it 's not working very well. I am considering trying something else, but I 'm still not sure. I wish there was an antidepressant that would continue to work forever....
I 've been on Xolair for 4 months, 2 shots 1 time a month and now as I approach my 5 month. Doctor is talking about decreasing my Advair. I currently take 500 of Advair and have not had to use my rescue inhaler in a very long time. I was diagnosed with COPD about 6 years ago, but my symptoms have totally reversed themselves and I am doing very well. The Doctor tells me that I may only get down to 100 of Advair but I think my asthma is doing great. Xolair is a great medicine.
I had to have a total hysterectomy in 2009 including removing both ovaries at the age of 38 because of endometriosis. I have been on premarin 0.45mg since. I only have to take one every 3 days to keep the hot flashes at bay. I tried going off of it twice because even with insurance it was $50 but I thought I was going to die!!!! I could not sleep at all, the hot flashes were horrible, I had no energy to do anything but lay all day on the couch. My life might as well have been over if I didn 't have this drug. I have no side effects on it and I thank God I have it.
I absolutely love the skyla. I 've had it in for about 9 months. I was 21 at the time, no kids, and insertion was a little uncomfortable but bearable. Felt like bad period cramps. I had my period pretty heavy for the first month or so and then one day it was gone and I didn 't have it again for a few months. Every once in a while when I do get my period it 's pretty light with some cramping  (average period I would say) for a week or less. I highly recommend this. I don 't feel it at all and my husband doesn 't either.
It tastes bitter but goes away in the morning and isn 't really bothersome because you are finally asleep.
My advice. Be Extra careful and ready when being sexually active. Birth control is the best contraception! However, plan b was a life saver. It took a week for my body to take any kind of response. I was dizzy and nauseous, and had my period a week later. I was just like you all reading reviews hoping for a sign it was going to work. So much I was in tears and stressed to the max. It DOES work and sit back and relax, let the medicine do its job. It is pricey, but it is effective. Worth the $.
I have had migraines for almost 40 years. I have the type where I lose my central vision and have a halo effect for appx 45 minutes, then horrible pain sets in, and throw up for several hours. This will last for appx 8 hours, then the pain eases off and lingers for almost two days. I usually ended up at the hospital where I have had Demerol, Imitrex, etc, which did not work.  One day I lost my vision, and tried Excedrin Migraine. This stopped the migraine cold. Never before had any medication even slightly reduced my pain and nausea. This was 14 years ago. I take two as soon as I start to lose my vision, wait until the halo effect subsides, then I can go about my day. Excedrin Migraine returned my life to me.
I began taking Trazadone to help with insomnia about two months ago.  The first time I took 25mg (cut the 50mg pill in half) and it worked getting me to sleep, but left me groggy the next day. The next time I tried 12.5mg by cutting the 25mg section in half and that amount helps me get to sleep and leaves me feeling normal in the morning.  I was suffering from a bad bout of 2 months of insomnia.  Trazadone saved me!
I 've been taking tizanidine tablets for about five years, the dosage is low - 2mg at night for Fibromyalgia. It helps with the body aches that prevent me from sleeping through the night. I have not experienced any side effects other than dry mouth and thirst when waking up.
This is definitely miracle cream, no doubt about it. I have been using it for about 14 years on my hands to treat eczema breakouts. However... I was not warned about using it for long term treatment and my doctor gives me refills when I ask for it. I am only now finding out about possible nasty steroid withdrawal symptoms if I stop using it.  After using it for such a long time I 'm concerned but I plan to stop using it for awhile to see what happens.
I started using the pills on 01/08/16. I am 5 '10 and I weighed in at 278 lbs. I weighed myself today (01/11/16) and I 'm 270.8lbs. My goal weigh is to weigh 200lbs. I walk in the treadmill for 20 mins, 100 sit-ups, I started doing 20 squats a day and I 'm doing butterflies with dumbbells. I 'll post back on my next visit with my doctor (02/04/16).
I 've been to the ER for migraines too many times to count and have been given every kind of drug that can be given. I woke up this morning with a horrific migraine and vomiting and off I went. They gave me the Reglan/Benadryl combo and within less than a minute the pain was gone. I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT! I 've never had anything to work so well and so fast. I went home and slept for four hours afterwards. I 'm so glad they decided to try this with me.
My IUD was inserted two years ago and it 's AMAZING. Between the age of 16-18 I 've gotten pregnant three times. I 'm very fertile. After I had my daughter I decided to get this Birth Control. When the Dr. Inserted it, I didn 't have much pain. The procedure was quick and easy. I had some spotting. My period is the same as it 's always been. Since my IUD was inserted I haven 't gotten pregnant. My boyfriend and I always have unprotected and I haven 't gotten pregnant yet. I love this Birth Control because once its in you don 't have to worry about it. You do a weekely inspection to feel for the strings and make sure it 's in place, and that 's it. I recommend the Paragrad IUD every time the  'Birth Control ' conversation comes up. I Love it.
I lost a family member, was on last semester of college, working part-time and the mild depression I had became a severe problem. I had dark thoughts and did not wanted to associate with anyone. Quit my job and had to apply for public assistance when my depression became a serious problem. I am now taking Wellbutrin XL 150 mg a day since May 11 and at first I had dry mouth but it only lasted a month. I have not lost weight and my appetite is good. I am feeling much better but I think that one pill is not enough. Psychotherapy is also another help that goes hand by hand. Also I stop smoking a month ago. I also had to improve my life style doing exercise a few times a week, meditation, aromatherapy and eating habits.
Absolute BEST 
I was worried about how my body would react to the Nexplanon after reading all these reviews, but I love it! No period, don 't have to worry when I have sex, and I don 't forget to take a pill. Only complaint is that I get a little nausea when I wake up but it goes away. Plus it was free with my health coverage AND my libido is back.  My husband is happy about that one too.
After years of severely painful and agonizing 7 day heavy periods, my doctor recommended Levora.  I have been on this pill for over a year now and it has been amazing. Only side effects I have had are positive- my boob size increased an entire cup and I have just about no acne! My periods have also shortened to less than 3 days and they are extremely light, no pain or headaches anymore either. My period comes the same time, same day, every single month. I was petrified to start birth control but I couldn 't stand the horrible periods anymore. I am so happy my doctor suggested Levora as I no longer lose sleep laying awake in pain! This pill has done wonders for me!
This is my third time on vesicare. After seeing several doctors with symptoms of UTIs and having pathology determine there was no infection I was diagnosed with urethral syndrome. I usually take 5mg per day and the condition clears up within a week and I can stop the medication. No more tenderness, spasms or urgency. Some dry mouth, but that 's easily solved.
Well great with the bad. Been using this medicine for two months now. This product worked great. It cleared my sinuses and got rid of the allergies, and it opened up the tubes from my eardrum to my throat where they could drain. But after two months I started getting joint pains, shoulder pains, bad and neck and other joints. It got so bad last week I went to the Doctor and had X-rays done, just some mild wear and tear about it. Then I got to looking up reviews and there it was a lot of joints pains and some mild aggression, moody.  Well that summed it up never before had this trouble before Flonase. 
 I Have Struggled with adhd for 10yrs an finally my doc did something about it:) However I did have sleeping problems for first few weeks but that was expected with it being a stimulant but after a month or so my sleeping is back to normal and my mind is not spinning out of control so THANKS DOC!  
I 'm in week 3 of my first packet and have broken out around my mouth and under my nose and it seems to be spreading.  I have had a couple breakouts on my chest as well.
I was diagnosed with severe GERD and Barrett 's Disease several months ago.  I tried everything and nothing seemed to work until now.  Kapidex has been amazing.  I have had no side-effects and at my last gastroscope, everything was looking A LOT better.  Kapidex, along with following GERD food guidelines has made me feel 100% better.
I really enjoyed smoking but heart disease rings strongly throughout my family. I wanted to live to see grandchildren so I decided I needed to quit. My doctor prescribed Chantix. I only took Chantix for two and a half weeks. I haven 't smoked for a year and a half. I would recommend Chantix to anyone wanting or needing to quit smoking. I had no side effects. I actually slept wonderfully while taking Chantix.
I use Lomotil to control diarrhea which occurs sporatically following anal cancer treatment.This is a miracle drug for me.  Greatly improves my quality of life.I don 't take it regularly, but it is reassuring to know I have it when needed.Immodium AD just doesn 't work; Taking it regularly was a waste of money.Lomotil has never made me constipated, though I have noticed mild nausea recently.  This does not occur everytime I take it.
This medication helped with my allergies greatly! The only problem is that it stung a little when first using it.
Latuda has been a lifesaver. I 've been battling crippling depression, suicide attempts and extreme mania. I have been through it all, tons of money and success to literally living out of a van. Latuda has completely equalized me and has allowed me to live a normal life. Bad akathesia as a side effect but if I take it at night I 'm ok. Make sure to take this drug with food, that 's vital!  Give it a try it may save your life :)
I suffer from an eye inflamation disorder, and am on doxy for life, so when i had a UTI recently I just upped the dosage - Thought I would share a few of the more common side effects with you. 1st is Nausea - if you shock your system with it (Doxy is a VERY powerful broad spectrum antibiotic) by taking too much too quickly you are likely to get lightheaded and nauseous about an hour after taking it - symptoms persist for another hour or so, and then goes away - best bet is spread it out but with a lower dose - 50mg 4 x a day is just as effective as 100mg twice a day, but causes MUCH fewer symptoms. Secondly - this WILL destroy your natural gastrointestinal flaura and after 3 days or so you will get looser stools and your gas will be BAD
I took a fatal dose of Heroin in February 2016 and was given 2 shots of Narcan and it saved my life!
I started Myrbetriq about three weeks ago.  What a difference it has made in my life.  The doctor gave me samples for 25 mg and I noticed a positive change the first day and even more after a few days.  When my two week supply of samples ran out, I requested to try the 50 mg and this level has almost completely alleviated all the symptoms I was having.  Now I 'm battling with my insurance company to approve the medicine.  Hopefully they will come through for me because this medication is working great.
I had only had a mild SLE flare about 30 years ago. I had plenty of the discoid lupus symptoms, but they were easily controlled with avoiding the sun and using sunscreens,especially in the last 20 years. I developed another auto-immune problem about 15 years ago.(gluten intolerance or or possible CD.) I ate the &quot;gluten-free&quot; Cheerios when they hit the shelves about 6 months ago, and almost killed myself, as they were not gluten free. This touched off a SLE flare of unbelievable proportions! Practically every joint in my body was hurting SO badly,and I had fever and fatigue and did not respond to NSAIDs.  Placquenil has been my lifesaver! Adhering to an anti-inflammatory diet for a month helped, also. The price-worth it.
I have never been on medicines for ADD. My parents refused, as an adult I found life to be difficult with this disorder.  After taking Wellbutrin. Feel like my true self. Like a &quot;normal&quot; adult. I have focus and can complete tasks. I don 't feel the need to stay in bed to avoid the world. This medicine has been a blessing.
I can say I 've had nothing but great experiences since having it placed last June. I was on the pill for 3 years before finding out about the implant. On the pill I gained about 30lbs but thought it was my only option. I decided to get the implant as I had been forgetting to take the pills, and my Dr said it was the most effective form of birthcontrol around right now. The placing of the implant was painless, just a little uncomfortable. I got regular period the two months after the insertion, and have not had a period since, which I love. I really haven 't had any side affects, except for losing about 20lbs (back to my normal weight prior to the pill) so I 'm not complaining. Uncomfortable at times (if I sleep on my arm), but I rarely notice it there
The condom came off during sex, he came outside of me and some landed on the outside of my vagina. I was panicking so about three hours later went to target, got the pill, and took it. The 1st day I had no side effect. I didn 't have any side effects for another two days. I was freaking out at that point cause I wanted the side effects to know it was working. Monday got a bit heated with the making out .After that I felt a bit nauseous and had some minor cramps. Went home and applied a heat pack and still got some cramps and a bit nauseous still. Tuesday I had some bad cramps like they were painful  and around third period I got my period which is a week early. So just relax and let the pill do its work!!!
I 've had acne for 10 years and this is the only thing that has worked. I 've been on a few other prescription medications and they didn 't have the same results. My skin does get dry but I just use a non-comodegenic moisturizer (Cetaphil) and it helps immensely. My skin is clear and it feels smooth. Don 't let the other reviews about redness and irritation scare you off. You should just reduce your usage to every other day instead of every day and it still works. Also the claims that it causes more acne is unlikely since it has TWO acne-killing medicines in it. If you use it correctly and how it best fits your needs, I promise you won 't be let down.
I have difficulties using prescription eyedrops because most contain a preservative called benzalkonium chloride that I 'm allergic too - my eyes get red, irritated and burn. This eye drop does not have the preservative. It was a life saver for my conjunctivitis! Within 2 days it started to clear up - the drops were easily tolerated.
I started Saxenda on 2/19 weighing 247.6 lbs, 6 weeks later I 'm at 228, 19.4 lbs gone. I lost the first 10 like in 2 weeks, then lost about 2.5 lbs a week after which is good to me! I try to stay within 1200-1400 calorie daily intake and I have gone over that amount a couple of times. Side effects were minimal, mostly heartburn, especially if I eat late, so now I just don 't eat late, easy fix to that. I pay $30 per box with insurance and the Saxenda coupon, i would recommend this to anyone struggling to lose weight.
I have been using Loestrin since I gave birth to my 3rd child in August 2010. Before then I was using OrthoEvra, not my fave but I got free samples from my ObGyn so I wasn 't complaining. Let me just say this, I am horrible at remembering to take pills, and although I do miss taking them, A LOT, I can honestly say this has got to be a super birth control because there were times I 've done things with my husband and I still havent gotten pregnant (crosses fingers) from forgetting to take the pill. At first, I experienced a little bloating and cramping, my periods were really heavy and lasted for 7 days for the 1st three months, but now they last 3 days and that 's it. I am definitely OK with that!
I have had severe insomnia since my mom died in 2011. Sometimes I would be awake and watching Netflix for days. I was too sluggish to go out or even do work in my home. I couldn 't take one more sleepless night, and then my doctor gave me samples of Saphris. After the first pill and first night of sleep (falling asleep in about 10 minutes), I drove back and demanded a prescription and more samples. Its a VERY expensive medicine. However, my doctor had a coupon that offers 5 months for free ($13500/month value) and that 's 60 count 10mg tablets, and I only need one for sleep, so this is a great deal! It has helped my mood as well, but having no insomnia saved my job. I give this medicine 10/10!
I began taking 5 mg of lexapro 10 days ago, for postpartum depression/anxiety. It has been a lifesaver. The initial side effects faded within a week. I take it in the morning, because I knew that it would possibly make me jittery at first. I had tiredness in the afternoon and evening and a loss of appetite for the first 5 days, but those have faded completely. I searched and searched for positive reviews on this drug for postpartum depression/anxiety and could not find any. If anyone is on the fence about taking medication for postpartum depression, please consider it for a temporary aid in getting you past it.
I 've taken this for well over a year now and I haven 't experienced any problems at all! Light spotting in the first 3 months which is a side effect but then never again after that. My period is very regular and has began to lighten up drastically from what it use to be. No weight, skin, or mood changes. To those who it doesn 't work for, everyone reacts differently. For me it 's been awesome and I plan on staying with it!
I 've been on Nexplanon for about 3-4 months now. After about two weeks I started bleeding pretty much non-stop for about a month. I 've never had regular periods and they always been light or moderate with only minimal cramping. The month long bleeding I had was definitely light, but steady and a nuisance. However, now I hardly bleed at all. I said I don 't have any periods but occasionally I 'll have a couple days of light bleeding. I haven 't gotten pregnant, and have had no weight gain. I 'm sorry to hear others experience has been less satisfactory but I would definitely recommend Nexplannon. I love that I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant or taking a pill regularly. If it matters, I 'm 19.
I have been on Contrave for a little over a month now and I have lost 7 pounds. Not gonna lie, I almost stopped taking it. The first 2 weeks I had severe stomach pains, each time lasting about 10 minutes, after the end of week 2, the pains stopped. I have no had the urge to drink coffee anymore, used to drink 3 cups a day. I am not eating as much, I used to eat a footlong sandwich from Subway, now I 'm lucky if I finish half. This is not a medication for people looking for rapid results. I am taking it day by day and so far I am happy with my results.
For my periods, the first few days are usually absolutely unbearable. I would be hugging the toilet from the moment I woke up until I went to bed for almost 3 days straight. My mom, being a doctor, set me up with Zofran and seriously it is the most incredible pill I have ever taken. Within 10 minutes, my stomach has settled and I 'm ready to take on the day.
I am taking 70 mg of Vyvanse and also taking Contrave (which contains Wellbutrin). I was feeling ok, but multiple tragedies kept me in a severe state of depression, anxiety and overwhelming sense of apathy. every day I wanted to die. The dr gave me some samples of this med to take with current meds, and last night was the first time I took it. I did feel nauseous, but my doc had told me to take it at night and with food, so that helped since I went to bed once I started feeling sick. I woke up with so much energy. I actually sprung out of bed ready to take on the day, and looked forward to it. I was shocked that it had such a fast effect, but so happy because it 's been a really long time since I 've felt this good. Hoping it will last.
It made my breasts huge (well a half size or so bigger). I 'll take anything at this point. I 'm less crazy hormonally.
I has suffer from mild acne since 14yrs old. At age 19 I was diagnosed with Rosacea on top of the acne. I have tried EVERYTHING out there. So far, I am 30yrs old now, Accutane and Rhofade have had the best results for me. After my 3rd course of Accutane for 5 months, which makes my face look like porcelain, I started to break out again, my dermatologies gave me 2 little samples of Rhofade and with first application my face was clear again from redness &amp; what looks like ezcema. I have used it 2 days so far and it is wonderful. I do feel some sensation on my cheeks but it is worth it.
Have suffered from eczema all over face, neck, upper body. Nothing worked, and I had to moisturize every 15-30 mins throughout the day.  2 yrs ago, I stopped using topical steroids and had a serious rebound effect of worsening eczema.  Since then, it 's been manageable, but has never improved. I 've tried changing my diet, going organic, different moisturizers, bleach baths, Bactroban, etc. It was hard to get the prescription as this is a product that not many Drs are familiar with. In 2 weeks, I almost finished the 90g tube, but my skin improved so much! My face is baby-smooth. I could go for  8 hrs without moisturizer! I finally have hope again. It still itches, but the skin quality has drastically improved. No side effects. And no more steroids!
Have now taken Harvoni for 32 days &amp; had some fatigue the 1st two weeks. Now I have no side effects at all.
For the past 3 years I have been dealing with nerve pain left from shingles in my neck. I have tried EVERYTHING for this pain including injections and narcotics. Nothing really helped unless I was a zombie. I am allergic to a lot of medications including Tegretol and Neurontin. So when my neurologist suggested I try this medication I was VERY skeptical. I have been on this medicaton for a week now. I started on 25mg twice a day and felt some relief. I thought it was in my head. Now I am on 50mg twice a day and I can 't believe the difference. I am relieved I can finally get my life back. I am a mother of 2. I did not realize how much the pain had taken over my life until now.
I had a little burning was very minor I put the anti itch cream on the outside like I was instructed to do and I had no problem with itching any further....... I used the 3 day one and the second day I have absolutely no additional symptoms
Hey ya 'll! I wanted to share my experience since I looked at these religiously prior to going. I got Skyla yesterday around 2 o 'clock. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen around 1:15, prior to my appointment. When I went in the entire experience was an absolute breeze. She walked in, told me the risks, set up, and inserted Skyla, all within 7 minutes. I felt a slight period type cramp when she used the sound to measure my uterus, and then a another cramp when she inserted Skyla. The cramp on both occasions did not last longer than thirty seconds. I felt absolutely fine after and even went out to dinner and to a professional baseball game! Everyone is different but don 't worry too much - you 'll do great!
At the first sign of a cold sore, I have taken 2 g of valacyclovir (once at first sign then again 12 hours later) and managed to prevent them from forming. As soon as I notice the tingle, I take it. Sometimes I get a little bit of a stomachache from it, but eating a moderate amount with it seems to prevent that. The mild stomachache is much more tolerable than cold sores though. Overall, I have been very happy with valacyclovir.
I started this med after I found out my husband had affair. I was lost, didn 't want to live. All I wanted to do was cry. Been on this medicine for around 3 months, 10 mg to start w/ now up to 20mg. This medicine has been a lifesaver for me. It has even helped save my marriage. I have Been the happiest I have been in awhile! I really love this medication, I finally got myself out of the darker place I was in, the place I hope to never go back to. I 'm feeling much stronger day by day. Still have a few moments where I think about what he did but I can deal with it, we deal with it. My depression is about completely gone, my work at my job has improved, I can socialize with others now with no problem. Life is looking better.
I was in a car accident with a head injury. I had intractable migraine and other headaches that came and went daily on top of that and three months after the accident my neurologist offered Topamax. It 's been 9 months. I lost a lot of hair; I have the soda is flat thing; the pins and needles; and I have lost weight. I think the brain fog was not noticable because of the brain injury. It took care of my headaches immediately. I didn 't mind the side effects. I ran out of it once and on day two had a seizure. I tried to titrate off recently and the migraine returned with a vengeance so I am still going to be taking it. I don 't mind the side effects in comparison to the headache. Also-I use hypnosis for some of the side effects.
I just started taking this medication 30mgs at bed time and it works great, but I also take 2mgs of Xanax in the morning and 2mgs at night so it really works well.
I 've tried the others that dry your eyes and mouth, blurr your vision and even paralyze your muscles so that you can 't urinate without concentrating on it. This one is the winner. It cuts incontinence and overactive bladder with no side effects. I love it.
Took for the twelve weeks and was cleared of virus that I have had for almost 20 years. My viral load was in the 2 million range and no side effects at all. It has been 4 months now and still clear. My Doctor chose this treatment over others because I was treated in the early years with the interferon/ ribarvarin, and  it did not work for me.
OK DONT FREAK OUT! Bc if you 're reading these reviews you 're probably freaking out hoping there 's a way out of the stupid decision you made to have unprotected sex OR begging god for mercy bc your condom broke! Well this stuff works! I had protected sex and at he ended, the condom snapped! OH NO! I 'm very fertile I have a little already...so the very next morning I drove to Walmart and bought it. Took it asap and now exactly 6 days later I GOT MY PERIOD!! A week early thank you thank you!
Tried everything before Botox. This was miraculous!
Works pretty well as birth control but I take it mainly for period regulation. It does well with that too. I don 't mind the weight gain or the fact that I am constantly eating/snacking since I 'm pretty active and my metabolism surprisingly keeps up w/my cravings. the most interesting thing I noticed was actually an increase in my sex drive. usually the opposite right? But this stuff makes me want to do it all the time! I stopped it for a month because it was making me way too emotional, I would cry literally every morning at work. But then I noticed a decrease in sexual desire and extreme difficulty getting an orgasm (w my boyfriend AND by myself). needless to say I went right back to taking them. small price to pay for an amazing sex-life.
I want to throw a ticker tape parade for the manufacturers of this medicine. It changed my life. I 'm 13 weeks and was flat on my back gagging all day every day. I tried all the tricks and nothing worked until I tried this. I am back in the land of the living and hoping to regain the 10 lbs I lost in the 1st trimester.I did A LOT of research and there is nothing that indicates that this medicine causes any problems whatsoever for baby. It is probably the best researched medicine on the market to date. Emily Oster 's book Expecting Better has a nice explanation for why it was pulled in the US (but not UK or Canada) for 30 yrs.
Great product. Company paid the co-pay too.  
If you haven 't taken Estarylla before, I 'd recommend giving it a try. I 've had pretty much no negative side effects other than a mild nausea after the first few pills in a new pack, and it 's helped a lot with my acne. My periods are also significantly shorter and less severe than they were with no medication/other birth control. Looking at other reviews, this definitely doesn 't work well for some people, but its been really effective for me.
I take this medicine for weight loss only. I am not a diabetic...lost about 20lbs in about four months. The first month saw the most weight loss. I now lose about 4-6 lbs a month. I am happy that I am still losing weight...the only side effect I have had is a random headache but that started when I upped my dosage to 1.8. Yes, the medicine came with some side effects, all drugs do...but you need to take it so see what side effects you may have since everybody is difference. Then you need to out weigh the pros and cons. For me I will put up with the random headache to keep losing the weight.
I had this drug given to me when I was hit by a car as I walked across the street.  I couldn&rsquo;t take meds I was given due to side effects.  My pain was so severe I was given a shot of Toradol. What relief!  It worked extremely well for me.  Four years later I had sciatic nerve pain.  I asked my doctor for a shot of Toradol.  After three days and nights of extreme pain and discomfort, the Toradol shot took it all away. I am so relieved.  No side effects- just good old pain relief!
I just got it today 4/27/17 and the pain is unbearable. My fiance held me the second time after my doctor took it out because I was in tears the first time. I have a 0 pain tolerance. Took 1600mg (2 800mg morning and afternoon) of ibuprofen it does help but so does a heating pad. If anyone has advice for skyla please let me know.
I was addicted to oxys in Anchorage for 3 years, buying them off the street.  I dropped out of college, lost several jobs, and hurt every person I cared for just to get high.  I moved away hoping to get away from the drugs, and just ended up at a methadone clinic for another 3 years.  I finally made the choice to start suboxone, it 's only been a week but I feel a hundred times better.
I just started using this and find it really works.
Bupropion is a miracle! I still had some cravings, a little irritability, a few depressing nightmares- but I quit! I smoked a pack of cigarettes a day for a decade. I have not had a cigarette in over a month, and live with people that smoke in the house. No patches, no gimmicks, just plugging through it with bupropion. I would recommend giving this a go to anyone.
I started having graphic, vivid nightmares and wasn 't able to tell the difference between being awake and asleep. The doctor told me I had PTSD and gave me Prazosin. I was taking 1mg. I 'm pretty drug sensitive so I could barely move or get up for hours after waking up the next day BUT it immediately stopped my nightmares. Now when I do have nightmares I don 't react to them and I take .5mg as needed when I am feeling anxious. I get a little weak for a few hours but it 's manageable. Side effects are totally worth it to not have to live through being terrorized every night not even knowing when I 'm awake or alseep.
I switched to this birth control from Gildess fe 1/20 (It made me depressed intensified my anxiety and I was having two periods a month). At first I was skeptical from initial water retention and moodiness but after the first month was over all those initial issues disappeared.
This medication really works for me, I wouldn 't know what I would do without it. However, it does upset my stomach a bit.
Works so well I forget I have a problem until I forget to take it, then I 'm reminded the next day...ugh!
Fantastic! No bloating or weight gain!! Yippee!!! Hot flashes are gone, helped the first week, would have a few here and their but they were mild and by the second month- they are totally gone and sleeping so much better- the feeling of anxiety is gone- life grand again! Immmmmm soooo happy!
I personally like these birth control pills. I have only been on them for a month but I used to get horrible period pains where I had to stay home from school, couldn 't eat or keep down anything, and had to lay in bed and now with these pills I am getting my period very light with little to no pain. It is a relief! I did get some migraines and sore chest but I got those when I wasn 't on the pill as well. I would recommend birth control if you are having such bad cramps because it really helped me.
I 've been to the ER for migraines too many times to count and have been given every kind of drug that can be given. I woke up this morning with a horrific migraine and vomiting and off I went. They gave me the Reglan/Benadryl combo and within less than a minute the pain was gone. I COULD NOT BELIEVE IT! I 've never had anything to work so well and so fast. I went home and slept for four hours afterwards. I 'm so glad they decided to try this with me.
Well, I took it for the first time on a Thursday, felt an erection like old days after seeing a hottie. I 've been getting about 90% hard prior to Cialis. By Friday, I was going all night. And again Saturday and Sunday morning. It is awesome. My Dr said it might be mental anyway. And the Cialis might just be enough to get me back on track.
Helped with my insomnia 100% until they pulled it off the market. Many thanks to the manufacturer! I had used this medicine for such a long time. I never could sleep before taking this and I still now watch the time go by.  
I have been using Aleve for about 6 months.  This medicine helps relieve all my aches and pains.  I 'm 68 and working in food industry.  Although I experience severe body and joint pains on a daily basis I take one Aleve on the days I work and can put in 4 to 6 hours pain free.  I have not suffered any side effects so far.  So far none of the other medicines I have tried have been as effective as Aleve.
I have been on diclofenac 75mg twice a day for 5 years.  The first year I took it 2 X each day.  After the methotrexate began to kick in, I now only take it when needed when I get a flare up.  At the most, only about once per week, sometimes less.  It has made a big difference in helping me manage the pain of rheumatoid arthritis.
This Migraine Med is a must have if you expereince regular Migraines..no side effects!
19 years old. I experienced acne since 12 on chest, face, neck, and extending to my entire back. Beginning my third month of Claravis and I have ENTIRELY been cured of my acne. I no longer have any pimples and I don 't wear makeup anymore. It 's incredible. Side effects: chapped lips. First month: Fatigue
I have been on Belviq for about 1.5 years - I initially started taking it to lose weight before my wedding last year. From the time I began taking Belviq (August 2015), I started feeling results - although slow - within about a month.  I had several fittings and such before the big day and the seamstress had to keep taking my dress in. I had lost about 20 lbs in ~4 months!  I was amazed!So here we are two months after my wedding anniversary, and I am currently down ~75lbs.  I started at about 245 - and the last time I weighed myself I was at 170.  I have gone from a size 18/20 to a size 12. I would still like to lose another ~20 lbs, and I have no doubt I 'll get there with Belviq.
It works well for depression.  Even stopped nerve pain that I didn 't know I had since I had lived with it all my life.  I just thought it was normal to have pins and needle feeling in my nerve endings.  Lifted the depression.  Was okay on anxiety, but still had to take Valium for true panic attacks.  Warning though - getting off this medication can give hard withdrawals. You have to slowly wean yourself off. If not, you will get brain freezes or shivers which are freaky and scary.  Also, extremely irritable coming off of it.
Works great for strep infection.
Today I received the results of my bone density test after being on Boniva for two years.  I am delighted to say that there is a reversal of my osteoporosis.  Thank you, Boniva!
New to IUD, never had kids. Easy insertion, NO cramping, NO heavy flow -- I wish I 'd gotten a ParaGard IUD sooner!
Like most people on here, I have super bad public speaking anxiety.  I 'll freak out months, weeks, days before and essentially just shut down when I have to get up and talk. In the past, I 've had terrible voice shaking, felt my body go weak and no longer able to stand, my eyes go fuzzy and I can 't see anything. I 've only used this for one group presentation so far, but it was actually amazing what it did for me. I had a pit in my stomach before I went up because I was unsure if it would kick in or not, but I actually was able to talk! I was articulate and actually able to get through the whole thing really well. Absolutely get it if you 're struggling!
It saved my life and lives of others I came in contact with at times.
I have had a perfect check up, for four years in a row, using Clinpro toothpaste. It has saved me alot of money, &amp; improved my gums. I am very satisfied with this product. I would recommend everyone to invest in it. My Dentist is one of the top 500 Dentists in America, located in Fort Smith, Arkansas, who recommended me to start using this great product. I have all the faith in my Dentist. Just brush with Clinpro, floss daily, &amp; have regular check ups, and I believe you will be happy as I am with this toothpaste. It has more fluoride &amp; calcium than any toothpaste over the counter. I encourage everyone to try this toothpaste.
I 've been on this birth control for six months and I love it. I had acne all over my back and very few on my face. Within the first month my face cleared up and some on my back. Im now going on my seventh month and my whole back is clear. Ladies with acne definitely need to try this and Give it time to work
I had it implanted in October of 2013. I didn 't have a period at all for the first year and then the week of the one year mark I got one. Totally normal about 5 days just like my periods before getting pregnant. From then (oct 2014 to now June of 2015 I 've had a period about every 3-4 months. They are totally normal or very light. That part has been GREAT! The negative side effects I 've seen have been some break outs on my face, mild mood swings and irritability. But it hasn 't ever gotten bad enough to make me want to get it removed. I have sex regularly and it has done its job. No babies. And I also started losing weight after being on it. I would say this is a great choice if you don 't wanna worry about taking a pill every day!
I have lost 26lbs during the past six months. I didn 't work out consistently, I am going to to continue to take it as I still have more I want to lose.
This medication has pretty much saved my sanity. Got diagnosed with migraine 2 years ago after having one so bad doctor thought I was having a stroke. Started off getting migraines at 4 or 5 a month but am now up to 9 in a 13 day period so am being investigated for triggers etc but zolmitriptan has been amazing every time. Guess I 'm the lucky one not getting side effects per se but I already suffer from CFS/ME so wouldn 't notice extra fatigue anyway. I get this on a UK prescription at 12 tablets each time so maybe &pound;UK18.00 per month.
My doctor prescribed Lopid after my triglyceride levels were out of control.  I feel great!  No side effects and with Lopid and fish oil they are much better.  From 1900 a year ago to 160.
A smoker for 30 years and decided to try Champix after several failed atempts at quiting, three days into course I hated the taste of smoking. That was 14 months ago, take Champix with food to stop the sicky feeling, don 't give up give them a chance, they work.
Its funny to read how many get &quot;burned and dry/ flaky skin&quot;. The first thing my doctor told me was, EASE into it! use a VERY light layer and ONLY at night - not in the morning as well. A pea sized amount is enough. Put it on your finger and dot it around your face and then massage them out. He also told me that if it starts to burn/hurt, STOP using it for a few days.You should NEVER EVER keep using it when your face is in pain, obviously. Plus you need a very good, heavy moisturiser. This stuff is made from peroxide and retinoid, so it will sting a little the first times you use it, but if you use common sense it will go away within weeks. I feel bad that people use it the wrong way and then blame the product. Works great for me
Tried ambien  but it lost it effect around 10 months. Lunesta tasted like I sucked on a roll of pennies all night. Trazodone just wasn 't really effective. I take 30mg of restoril about 20 mins before I need to be in bed. Otherwise I 've awaken in different parts of house. I also take a .75mg give or take .25mg of Xanax as a kicker. I would have problems staying asleep. Sometimes no more sleep that night sometimes the crappy toss n turn sleep till you get mad n get up. Then drag ass all day. Occasionally I still get one of those nights but they are once in a long while. It works for me and I recommend (but does not for a friend) If you 've tried the others give it a try it 's cheap nothing to loose.
Cataflam is a life saver but it takes about an hour after swallowing to start working. I take 2 at a 6 hr interval and can take up to six at the end of the day, but that 's only for the first day of the period. 
Taking the slow release, 120 mg version.  I take it at night about 30 minutes before bedtime.  Averts any dizziness since I am going to bed to sleep.  BP has been good 125/80 generally. resting pulse of about 60.  Thankfully I am optimal weight and I exercise 4 to 5 times weekly, mostly a 2 mile walk each time and about 50 situps.   Drinking lots of water to stay hydrated. mild constipation so I eat a cup of yogurt at least every other day.
I had to stop taking Zelapar because I was having an operation. After a couple of days the operation was postponed and I forgot that I had stopped taking Zelapar. Anyway mid-day one afternoon I was having a horrible time because it seemed all movement had stopped, the next day the same, a couple of more days went by and I figured my good luck was up and it was time for either new medicines or a D.B.S. Then I remembered that I was not taking the Zelapar, well I went back to my daily dose and I am almost my old moving self. Thanks.
Works within 2 hours but my migraine always returns the next day. I take the medication the next day - headache goes away within two hours - comes back the next day again.  Medication works but I feel extremely tired and depressed for the three days. Insurance companies also limit me to 9 pills a month which adds to my stress.
I 've been smoking a pack a day for 15 yrs and been trying to quit since my first child was born 10 yrs ago but it never happen. I started taking Chantix 16 Aug 2012 through smoke cessation class and continued to smoke until my 9th day which is 25 Aug 2012. Ever since I 'm smoke free for almost over a month now. Chantix give me a second life. My experience while on Chantix are; headaches on the first week, can 't concentrate, a little bit emotional irritability, having vivid dreams, peeing in the middle of the night but after your first week you should be able to cope up with the side effects. I highly recommend it though. I stopped taking it after 50 days I felt that I no longer need it. I been smoke free ever since.
Been on Quetiapine MR for around 9 months. 300mg at night. Found it far less sedating than Olanzapine. Its been a miracle for my Bipolar, absolutely no depression and no manic episodes. Yeah I put on weight but the effects on my mood and mental health have been incredible.
Psoriasis since 16 now 26 and tried everything! Humira was great it changed my life for better and with no major issues. If anything it made me lose weight. It lasted like almost 3 years. Obviously it 's like any other treatments.
I couldn 't tolerate metformin at all.  Moving to Januvia was wonderful. I 've been on it for a year and a half and have had no side effects whatsoever. Blood glucose numbers and A1c (5.7!) have been good, but I also exercise and closely watch my diet.
I was deeply suicidal for 15 years with repetitive suicidal thoughts on a daily basis. I was at the end of my rope close to killing myself and my doctor suggested latuda. I started at 80 mg 1x a day at bed time. Suicidal thoughts and constant thoughts of my 15 year old cat constantly dying largely diminished. I have a down episode once every 6 days about where I am hopeless and negative thinking again, but that lasts only a day or two. I am not missing work any more and have no problem waking up. I can only sleep 3 hours a night though after 3 months and my doctor upped me to 120 mg. Bad decision still sleepless. Going to try to go down to 40mg to help sleep will report back with results. Xanax and unisom help sleep. Well after 6 months on
I have been given this for otitis media and upper respiratory infections. It is a good &quot;kick start&quot; but the full effect is only achieved after a three-day course of injections. It works but is quite painful, especially for pediatric patients.
Within a week I felt an immediate change. I no longer obsess over tiny little details or let opportunities pass me by because of my anxiety. I feel like a normal person. Give it a chance!!!
During a recent stretch of terrible anxiety which  crept up very slowly, I suddenly became incapacitated. I was in fear of everything and I couldn 't function- AT ALL. I went to my doctor and explained the symptoms and he recommended Lexapro 10 mg. with Klonopin .5 mg. as needed. I took both medications and the Klonopin erased all the startup side effects of the Lexapro such as increased nervousness, insomnia, and poor appetite. As soon as the Lexapro kicked in, ( about three weeks) I was able to step off the Klonopin and have felt great ever since. Anxiety has been wiped out and sleep has improved. I feel 100% better. Don 't give up, this medication WORKS !!
I was prescribed 5mg of Abilify as a  'booster ' to the Wellbutrin 200mg I have been taking for over 5 years. The combination is great! I felt like myself in only a few days and it has continued to be effective over the past 18 months that I 've been on the combination. I would highly recommend talking to your doctor about this, it has changed my life!
I 've been on the Nuvaring for about 5 years and it has been awesome! I had no side effects, normal periods. Although my boyfriend could feel it sometimes while we were having sex but it wasn 't painful for either of us so it wasn 't a big deal.  I like it too because when my boyfriend was deployed for months at a time I could stay off it and put a ring in a few weeks before he was coming back. I would highly recommend it!
I had pretty bad breakouts when I first started using this product, but now that I use it my face is so much clearer! Any time I 'm having a breakout, I put some Epiduo on it at night and it 's already better in the morning. The only bad thing with using this is it dries out your skin. So I have to use plenty of moisturizer! But it 's great!
I 've been on the generic anastrozole for 2 months with no side effects. I also take Zoladex every 3 months as I was pre-menopausal when I had breast cancer.
After years of suffering a Rheumatologist finally diagnosed fibromyalgia. He prescribed Flexeril 5 mg. at bedtime. I had forgotten what it feels like to actually be rested in the morning! MUCH less pain the next day as well as not waking up to spasms during the night. The only problem I have with it is constipation, but I started Forteo injections for osteoporosis at the same time which can also be constipating, so I can 't blame the Flexeril entirely.
I am 75 years old and have been taking trazodone for sleep for about ten years.  I take 150 mg.  It is a miracle for insomnia.  I sleep 8 hours a night straight though.  Yes, you do feel groggy in the morning when you first start taking it, but it goes away with time, so don 't give up too soon when you start it because of grogginess.  I have never heard of taking it with food as one person said.  It is non addictive and I feel so rested that I do not feel the need for naps that I always used to take before trazodone.
THis is the third time I am on Cit. this time its 30 mg. The first time was 10 mg and then 20 mg and now 30 mg.  I am very sensitive to the side effect. Anxiety increases (both mental and physical symptoms). Now after 7.5 weeks (5 weeks on 20 mg and 2.5 weeks on 30 mg) feeling a lot better. The physical symptoms are close to gone. The enthusiasm to do all the chores, office work is slowly (very slowly) coming back. Waiting to feel my old self again.
I felt the very 1st symptoms. . . Tingling mostly. I went to the pharmacy at 2am. Spoke to the pharmacist with a handful of treatment options from the shelf. The pharmacist chose Abreva explaining that the others were just for pain relief. Since I addressed the problem immediately &amp; consistently, I never broke out in what I dreaded. A cold sore. I am so thankful!!
Tylenol is the only thing that helps my pain right now. Cannot function otherwise. Cannot sleep either. Even prescribed pain meds did not work as well.
I use the gel and it may take a little time to work (about 30-45 minutes), but the effect is pretty good. It will take my pain from a 9 down to a 5 (that 's pretty good for me).
Chaparral is a 10. My boyfriend was diagnosed with colon cancer.  He was unable to have a bowel motion due to the size of the growth was blocking the colon.  In the time between the announcement that surgery was the only option and the day of the surgery, the tumor shrank enough to have normal bowel motion by the day of the surgery (2 weeks!). He had the surgery and continues to use Chaparral to keep cancer cell growth at bay.  I began taking it as a preventive measure.  
Gave me my life back. 150mg
Works great! Quiets a hacking cough, no matter how bad. Works the best &amp; when other products don 't work. Does cause drowsiness though but that 's not bad if it 's night time or you 're convalescing at home anyway from being sick. Great stuff!
This saved my life. I am bipolar and take a dozen medicines, the dentist told me dry mouth like mine would cause permanent damage and tooth lose.  I bugged and bugged doctors until they prescribed Evoxac.  I went to my next dental check up and the dentist wanted the name of the drug.  Sure sometimes I drool in my sleep but I think I will go to my grave with the choppers GOD gave me and I thank him every single day for the person who invented Evoxac.
I had read a lot of negative reviews about Moviprep and was terrified of the stuff. In reality it was straight-forward to use, fairly palatable (better than soluble aspirin) and the results were not as unpleasant as my chronic IBS symptoms. I recommend mixing the solution with a cordial (ginger worked well) and drinking through a straw. Do not take large mouthfuls of it.The first dose might take between 3-4 hours to take effect. Don 't worry - it will!Just make sure you take the sedation for your procedure. I did not and it was incredibly painful. Curiously, for a few weeks after the Moviprep and colonoscopy I experienced no IBS symptoms - it has been 6 weeks now and they 've returned, unfortunately.
Scared to death of taking it but broke tabs in half to 5mg in order to increase dose slowly. I have developed a bit of chronic tooth pain so taking it for pain. Took it at 7 pm and felt mildly sedated by 11pm. Actually didn 't sleep well but I think I was on high alert for the side effects which didn 't happen. A bit groggy in morning but nothing special that I can 't deal with. I think the way to go is to build up if you are scared of meds like me. I wrote this to encourage others to try the medicine because I am as scared as anyone to take drugs like this. I
I was bleeding heavily for 3 months straight. I would be off my period a week then 3 more months of bleeding. This went on over a year while I tried just about every other type of bc pill. Also extreme nausea causing bad weight loss and severe abdominal pain. On this pill my period lasts 5 days once a month and is much lighter. Cramps are much better. Nausea was worse at first but went away after about a week. No crazy mood swings. I 'm back up to a healthy weight. The only bad thing is it made me exhausted, especially when I first started taking it. I would literally sleep 15 hours a day if off work. Wouldn 't even get up to eat. It has eased up a lot but still not back to normal energy.
Had my gallbladder removed and they gave me morphine which didn 't really help much but then I ended up with a bile leak due to complications and they put me on dilaudid and every ounce of pain vanished seconds after it was put into my iv.  It made me really sleepy but not nauseous at all. Very addictive but works amazing to relieve extreme pain.
My boyfriend passed away...very unexpectantly.We had a wonderful, beautiful relationship...I simply adored him and overnight he 's gone. The next day my little brother had open heart surgery, my sister passed away last March after living and taking care of my father with dementia, my mother passed away after a 3 year long battle with cancer. I wanted to stay in bed all day curled up in the fetal position and pray that death would take me just so the pain would stop. But I didn 't have that luxury...someone had to pay the bills. I hated to go out in public because I never knew what would trigger a crying jag...I had a true sense of hopelessness. 75 mgs of Effexor saved my life. I 'm happy again and laughing and going out and celebrating my life.
I think belviq pretty much saved my life! I had always been overweight all my life from about 8 years old. As an adult I had always maintained a  weight of around 200 lbs. However at 41 I was diagnosed with lymphangiomatosis and had to have a complete hysterectomy , gall bladder and appendix removal. I soon began gaining approximately 10 pounds a month post surgery and was soon at 258 at my highest. My doctor prescribed belviq on December 5th 2014. The first week I lost 7 lbs and by mid January I had lost 20 lbs. Now in June 2017 I weigh 180 lbs and feel fabulous!!! It wasn 't a quick fix but it worked and I stopped taking it in February and have maintained my weight . I recommend belviq to anyone ready to commit to a lifestyle change!
I 've been taking it for a few months now. My blood pressure has gone from 140/91 ish to around normal. I would give it a ten but it 's brought back my night terrors.
I got Nexplanon in October of 2014. Since getting it, I have not had a period. No spotting or bleeding, periods just stopped. It 's great! No random breakouts on my face and no weight gain from it. Definitely the best option if taking a pill is hard for someone. I never could remember to take my pill, this was the best option. The insertion was much better than I thought and it 's been great ever since.
Had sleep problems a long time, especially regulating sleep patterns. Took 5mg of Melatonin for the first time last night. Within 30mins felt drowsy, went to bed and fell asleep immediately, woke up this morning feeling refreshed. Would certainly recommend and use again.
This medicine has given me a good few hours sleep for the past three nights. I had previously not been sleeping more than an hour or two for several weeks previous.
It has been great, but I am to relaxed and have not much desire to do things but when I need to do things it 's not a problem, in fact my work has been much faster than it has been in years. I am more focused and content. The unusual effects have been it has stopped my hypoglycemia, caffeine has no effect on me any longer and I have no withdrawals at all when stopped cold.
There are many options for a teenager, young women or even an adult to chose for birth control, I chose the implant. I chose the implant because it was number one in from keeping a girl pregnant, don 't receive your period, and it last three, even four years! There is also side effects to this type of birth control. The implant made me gain a little weight and it stings very bad when the guy ejaculates inside of you, but that 's just the implant doing it 's job. All in all, I recommend this birthcontrol!
Been on Symbicort now for 15 years. Best thing ever, no side effects, clears my chest in seconds.
This was the first medication I tried after being diagnosed with bi-polar dissorder. at first I started at 25mg and it worked for a few weeks after the initial week of pure headaches and drowsiness. Soon after though it became ineffective and my anxiety levels progressed. It seemed like because my body relied on the drug I didn 't know how to deal with my swings without them so I felt like my swings were worse. Then we kept getting higher and it worked but kept stopping until I got to 200mg one in the morning one a little later. We did this so when the half life wore off I could take it again, and so far this has been amazing. My swings are calm and I feel genuine happiness aside from my anxiety (which I am trying different meds for) I 'm great
I was so scared to go on birth control again after my horrendous experience with Loestrin Fe. I had mad rage, couldn 't think clearly, emotional mess, and worst of all,  acne, something I never experienced before. I knew after a week I liked it. Mostly because my moods since I 've been on it have been fabulous. My breasts got huge too! I did feel slight nausea and a loss of appetite, but I 'm not complaining. Slight headache and light spotting. This doesn 't bother me because I was mostly concerned with my moods shifting. I haven 't noticed my skin look any better but I 've only been on it for 2 weeks.
Really helped me recover from a horrid depression. This medication saved my life. It is a bit activating. At higher doses works as a great smoking cessation aid. LOVE IT.
I 've had intense hot flashes for 12 years. In addition to HRT (which worked fabulously during the 5 years I was on it), I tried Zoloft, Prozac, Remifemin, and Estroven with varying degrees of unspectacular success. So didn 't expect much from Effexor, but within days of starting daily 37.5 dose, my hot flashes all but disappeared. Really, it 's amazing. I 've only been on it two weeks, so here 's hoping it 'll be effective for the long haul, which at this point, after 12 years, is looking like it will be the rest of my life. Geez, thanks, mom...
My skin normally has a real bad experience when it comes to eczema. I found that Albolene has a eye makeup remover for eczema that really helps when my eye puff up and can 't see as well. This not only is a problem because it looks bad and makes me self conscious, but because it also makes it hard to see things. When your eye puff up as bad as mine, sometimes you can 't even see my pupils. This eye makeup remover that they just came out with not only takes off the makes up around my eyes well, but also reduces the effects of eczema. A moisturizing eye makeup remover like this one really has made it easier to deal with my condition and I recommend anyone who is going though this problem and have this issue to look into makeup cream removers.
I 've always had issues with going but, I had my gallbladder out in 2008 since then I 've been getting worse and worse...I went to 3 different doctors who diagnosed me with ibs-d and sent me home saying take a prebiotic...finally I found a doctor early this year. He was determined to help me. I was always late to work and as soon as I got there is was in the bathroom. I went to the bathroom in excess of 10 times a day on a good day. I had to carry a change of clothes to work cause I had frequent accidents. And my belly pain was soo bad I felt as though I would fall unconscious.my doctor referred me to a specialist and he put me on 4 pills once a day...I still potty like 4 times a day but it 's given me back my life!
started w/hydralazine 100mg every 8hrs. worked for blood pressure. from 175/115 in hospital. dropped to 105/68. good bp but for heart rate up to 112. went  to my cardiologist and he put me on nifedipine  er 60mg. Blood pressure still good at 110/72 and now pulse rate down to 85-92.       much better for me in the last month. Still on other meds and starting cpap therapy. had stress test and no heart diease or coronary artery diease. Had venous abalation on both legs.
I took 2 x 25 mg for my gout pain, which was in my elbow and shoulders. It gave me great relief and I only take it when the pain arrives. It worked for me. Thank you.
I ate a low-fiber diet for 3 days prior to my colonoscopy.  I used Phenergan anti-nausea suppositories to prevent nausea.  I drank the Suprep as instructed - the taste is like very strong grape cough syrup, but I chewed a piece of gum after each dose and it helped the taste.  I had no nausea or cramps, and the diahrrea started about 1 hour after my first Suprep dose.  I took the second dose 6 hours before my procedure with no problems.  I used Preparation H cream to prevent a sore butt.  No issues with the prep or the colonoscopy - doctor said the Suprep ensures a clean colon.
This med really works plus the little bit of caffeine gets me going.  The only problem is I can no longer find it.  Any suggestions?
I woke up 3 days ago with a huge painful outbreak on my upper lip. I ran to the pharmacy and bought abreva and the cold sore is completely gone now. This stuff is a miracle. Worth every penny!!
I love this birth control! I 've been using it for 13 months now and it is amazing, I have always been horrible with remembering pills and I didn 't want the implant, also I needed my period regulated. This does all of those things. I have not tried taking condoms out of my sexual experiences since I am only 18 and I do not want to risk ANYTHING, but I would definitely recommend this form of birth control to a teenager, or someone who forgets pills and wants something painless.
Been on this med for just 3 weeks resulting in a weight loss of 22lbs. I don 't feel hungry or binge eat anymore. I also walk at least 10,000 to 12,000 steps daily plus gym time 3 to 4 days a week so that also helped with my speedy weight loss. I started at 252lbs and now 230lbs. My goal is to reach a weight of 200lbs and cut my daily dose down to one pill a day. No side effects other than dry mouth and a bit of constipation. I highly recommend this medicine.
Remicade has been a God send for my condition, especially effective with the arthritis.  I stopped the infusions for about a year and since I 've returned to the infusions, I 've been getting lots of weird skin problems.
I was on Linzess using it only time from time as it caused severe bloating and diarrhea. I was skipping doses and was constipated then. It always required a decision should I take a pill today or not.For the last 2 months I am using Trulance and it is perfect. I am taking it in the morning and forgetting. It just works! Smooth and nice. I already forgot what diarrhea is! I feel like my life is changed
I just started Apri and so far it 's the best pill I 've taken. (Tri-Sprintec --&gt; Levora --&gt; Loestrin 24 Fe, now Apri) I have a few side effects. My appetite has definitely increased, so I 'm trying to be aware of that. I also have my sex drive, which I never really knew was gone until I switched to Apri. I haven 't had my period on this yet (only on week 2) but so far, so good. It 's also very inexpensive.
I have been on this birth control for over 2 years and I would have to say that it has its down falls and has its goods. I did get pregnant one time and that was from when I had missed some pills. I don 't have any cramps like I used to before I started taking Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo.
I haven 't been on this medication for long (3 1/2 weeks) but I can already tell a significant difference, I mean it 's really noticeable. I have been depressed for about 5 years. During my college years it got really bad up to a point I started seeking help. First it was the college counselor, then a private counselor, then finally a psychiatrist. I was struggling in school, failing a bunch of classes because I had a terrible time focusing and remembering things. I was sleeping 10  hours a day, something I thought was impossible for a college student and still somehow managed to nap in the afternoons. Since I got on Wellbutrin I have a huge increase in energy, sleep 7-8 hours a day, don 't feel the need to nap. I go out, even started jogging.
Experience initially- hives which disappeared after a few days- replaced by rash and itching on my ankles and feet which continues. Also woozy and light headedness continues.
52 y/o male; I have dealt with joint pain 15 yrs. I dismissed as aging. Hands &amp; knees really bad, &amp; feet. Complained to Dr. over yrs. only to be dismissed. Last 3 yrs pain increased after walking, yard work. Get out of bed, hobble 5 min. before can walk. Have sporadic scalp psoriasis 20 yrs. Thanks to TV comm. by pro golfer Phil Mickelson, life 's changed. I realized/suggested to Dr. I may have Psoriatic Arthritis. He agreed. Started me on Celebrex, 200mg x2. On for 1 mo now. Fixed all fore mentioned issues! Unbelievable! I 've hauled 20 wheelbarrows of dirt from neighbors yard to mine, from across street! Couldn 't have done a mo. ago. Worried its a black box drug through! No side effects, but maybe stomach (feeling bloated/funny).Will tapper off to 1xday
I have been on Ocella now for over 2 years.  Like many of you I was taking Yasmin and it was switched and I wasn 't told but noticed it before I took it.  I called my pharmacy just to make sure this was the right medicine and it was.  I haven 't had any problems except for one.  I have a low sex drive.  I 'm 26 years old and I honestly thought my body changed after having 2 children.  I did not know this was a possible side effect. Other than that I love it.  My periods are regular, lighter, and come on time.  I have no cramps and my skin cleared up.  I was also not aware of Ocella switching to a name brand drug.   
I have used Prevacid 30mg (lansoprazole) for almost a year now. It works wonders for my acid reflux, except when I 'm bad and eat something to trigger it!  I have found it works better when not used daily.  My Doctor said do not take it every day as the effects will wear off sooner, take it when you need it or on a day you know you will be eating something to trigger your acid reflux.  As any other medication the effects of relief will wear off but, when you stagger, you take it. It works all the time.
I was on Lutera from October 2011 - October 2013 and it was amazing. My periods were on time every month, I had no severe cramping, my mood swings died down a lot and it protected me. In the 2 years I took Lutera every day and it was the best birth control I ever took. No weight gain, no acne, it was perfect. Unfortunately, I had to stop taking it as I didn 't have enough money to afford another years worth of birth control. And 3 months later I found out I was pregnant with my son who is now 5 months old! My OBGYN prescribed me Microgestion Fe 1.5/20 BC and I 'm trying to switch back to it and Lutera is the birth control I know that worked for me
Have not noticed any side effects and it has allowed me to go off Seroquel and lose 18 pounds.
I am in my 50 's and over the past couple of years noticed I couldn 't get as hard or stay as hard as I once did.  I was about 75% hard.  I started using the 5mg a day, after just a couple of days all I can say is WOW.  I feel 20 again.  I actually can cut them in half and do 2.5 mg a day and it works most of the time unless I am really tired.  Before, I took a lot of manual stimulation to get close to hard, now doesn 't take much at all, even have some spontaneous erections.  No worries about losing my erection during sex.
I 'm writing this review to calm the minds of others who are in the same boat I was until today (the day I got my period). I have taken Plan B on 4 separate occasions in my life- split up over seven years. This last time was different for a few reasons: I was ovulating during intercourse, used the pull out method, and was over the supposed 175 lb &quot;weight limit&quot;. Timeline: First day of last period- March 19. Day I had sex- March 29th. Day I took plan B- March 30th (14 hours later).  The  day I got my period- April 11th. I had cramping the entire 12 days after taking Plan B before getting my period, different from the last three times I 'd taken it in my life. My advice: RELAX. Take it ASAP after sex. And get a Z Pack to protect against STDs as well.
The best part of taking Lo Loestrin Fe is that I can still have an orgasm! All the other birth control I 've ever tried I 've hated, because of that and stronger side affects. This  pill has worked great for me.
My now 23 yr old son has been on Abilify since may 2012. Initially on Clozapine but way too zonked. His history is recreational cannabis use caused a psychotic break. Not smoking now or intending to.  Hospitalized and medicated. They were surprised and pleased at how quickly he regained his self awareness, home in 2 weeks but recommended at least 6 months meds to forestall relapse. He feels very detached from us and himself, on 10 mgs still. He is nervous of relapse especially since told one of the symptoms of a recurrence would be inability to sleep.   Meds reduced in December.  
Switched from Lantus to Toujeo. Same results. Not at goal. Then seas switched to Treseba. Tastings are more or less in the low 100s each and every day. Not fearing hypos like before and feel much better
I have fibromyalgia and have slowly got worse over the years. I took Cymbalta 30mg for the first week, suffered a naggy headache for 3 days, but could still work. Pain gone in a week, completely. The only side effect I have is tightening of the throat, which I can live with. Unfortunately the snoring my husband can 't. I went to the doctors today and he has put me on Pristiq to see if this stops the tight throat. If not I will go back onto Cymbalta. These had such an amazing effect on my life.
Oracea worked perfectly for clearing up my rosacea. I used it for 4 years. Now Obamacare has screwed everything up so bad, insurance companies do not cover it anymore.  I can 't afford it. rosacea is back.  Guess I am just going to have to be ugly because nothing else seems to work.
I am on a maintenance dose of 1 mg 3 times a day along with a different Xanax .5 if I am having a panic attack. I 'm agoraphobic and suffer from anxiety because of multiple reasons. I find klonopin is a amazing medication that helps tremendously. I wouldn 't have the life I have today.
I had Nexplanon for 3 years. The three best years of my life!!! I absolutely love this birth control. I tried the pill and depo shot. The pills I would forgot about taking them on time. Which I didn 't like the responsibility. The depo shot was alright. I had no more periods or cramping but I did have mood swings. I gain over 60-something pounds in 4 years. I 'm not blaming the shot! Maybe lol. My doctor recommend Nexplanon. I was hesitant but I gave it a try. The Insertion was painless due to numbing meds. The whole process took 5 minutes. Only the first month, I had back pain but no regular periods since then. Just spotting 5 days (total) within three years. A month after getting the implant out, I got my first period (lasted about 5 days)
So after reading all the reviews on here which totally saved me from having a panic attack I had to write about my experience. I 'm 20 years old and me and my bf had unprotected sex on August 29th, he pulled out but I was still super paranoid so I took Plan B 11 hours later. I had absolutely no side effects so after about a week I was convinced that the pill didn 't work for me and even started thinking about how I was going to tell my parents, my friends, the whole thing! So crazy I know.. So anyways I got my period today and am so happy. Trust me even if you don 't experience any side effects does not mean the pill isn 't working! I promise, Just try not to freak out and keep yourself busy. Also my period came a little less then a week early
Demerol is the only medicine that works for quick relief of pain. I suffer fron chronic pain syndrome. I take 30mg of methadone 4 times a day and then a fentanyl 50 mg patch every 48 hours to control the pain.
Hot flushes not to bad, suffer from fatigue and bone pain, but the medicine makes me feel safe.
I have been on Harvoni for 4 weeks. It 's cleared my psoriasis up. I was covered with it. I also have lost weight Headaches,  fatigue. Nausea. This is helping me with better than anything thing else I have tried. I have been waiting a long time for this.
So after my boyfriend and I had sex we realized the condom had broke inside of me. I was terrified and in shock,  all I could think about was my  future, disappointing everyone, &amp; how I 'd be looked at during school. I took Plan B less than 30 mins afterwards and started my period 2 days later as crazy as that was. So pretty much the sooner you take it, the better is very true but I believe it could definitely change it by even 3 wks because of another girl who went through the same thing. So don 't be scared it 's a great pill and invest in it! Put money aside if you could possibly be at risk because no one thinks their condom will break.
No stomach upset or drowsiness...FINALLY
This medicine was a lifesaver! I had horrible morning sickness and took it beginning in my second trimester up until the day before labor! I 'd get horribly sick without it. My daughter turned out perfectly healthy.
I had mild to server acne at different times throughout years but then I finally decided to try Accutane. Initially, I did have an initial breakout which worsened the skin condition (more acne), which lasted for approximately 1.5months. But once the skin started getting better, everything started disappearing slowly and now I 'm 4.5 months in and only have the red/brown marks left but all my acne is gone! The first few months will be harsh, and your self-esteem will probably get hit. But just go through the whole cycle - you won 't regret it in the end.
I was on YAZ for about a year and it was a horror trip. After lots of internet research and talking to my doctor I switch to Lybrel. This pill is THE BEST I 've ever been on. My mood swings are gone and I have not had any noticeable side effects. Thank you Wyeth for this great product!!!!
58 year old male 6 foot 235 pounds high blood pressure,and cholesterol. Three months experience 22 pounds and feeling fine. Sill want to lose 30 -35 more but need to get off the couch and exercise. My problem as the diet part is easily managed now. Thanks for the help and sending me on my way.
I started using Enbrel two years ago. I can still remember the first night I tried the medication.  I woke up the next morning feeling like 25 lbs was lifted off me.  I suffered since age 27 and now I am 40 and feel great!  Remember to have your blood checked regularly to be sure all is normal.
I am 57 years old and have had some version of narcolepsy since age 30 or 35. I tried Nuvigil and then added Adderal  but still had breakthrough narcolepsy and cataplexy. The cataplexy broke my foot a year ago and my wrist six months ago. This is the most amazing medication! I would go to bed at midnight and awaken at 10 or 11 in the morning. I would fall asleep for a cumulative 2 to 3 more hours during the day. I awaken between seven and 8 o 'clock bright eyed and bushy tail to use my parents phrase. I am fully alert and have no further problems with sleepiness throughout the day.  I am still experiencing occasional morning nausea and inappropriate  diaphoresis or sweating for no reason. An ice pack at the back of my neck will break it.
Loved this birth control, had to change because changed insurance and new insurance would not pay for it. I began taking this my freshman year of college (did gain the freshman 15- well, 17) but I assumed the weight gain was due to stress and eating Taco Bell and drinking. The first few months I had some problems but eventually got on some anxiety medicine and been fine ever since! I loved having my period only every 3 months. No acne. Great birth control! Would recommend to anyone.
This product has changed my life. I can wear whatever I like now and not feel self conscious. I am on ADHD medication and that is something that causes excessive sweating. (research it thoroughly if you do not believe that)I thought that I would have to sacrifice focusing for the problem of sweating. No more. I do not have the redness and itching side effects. The only regret I have is not finding a provider who would prescribe this for me sooner.
I take Pentasa much in the way people take Rolaids.   As soon as I feel like my intestines are reacting poorly I will take 2 pentasa.500mg and my stomach calms down within 10 minutes.  I have no idea why it works for me,  a Crohns patient for 10 years in this way.  I do not ever take it as a preventative medicine.  As a topical way to calm intestine discomfort, it just seems to be miraculous.
I have been taking Limitrol for 30 years. I would not be able to exist if it weren 't for Limitrol. I had anxiety attacks and bad depression. I take 3 pills at bedtime and sleep like a baby and wake up feeling great. I am 76 yrs old and the only side effect I have is dry mouth. I can handle that. It is a shame my medicare and TexansPlus insurance will not except this medicine.
Used it for 7 years, no side effects, works great to reduce my Blood Pressure.
Wonderful drug. I have been on it for over six months and it has remained consistent. I used to be on Concerta, which was ok, but I felt as if it lost its potency. Vyvanse allows me to focus and maintain concentration. It also gives me a boost of energy. At times when I have missed a dose and left the house for the day I have felt tired and disinterested in the activities I was involved in. I have no side effects from it but I rarely have side effects to any drug. I have read that you are not supposed to have vitamin C while on it because it can interfere with the drug 's ability to metabolize in one 's system. I avoid vitamin C during the day and take some at night. Take it around 8 or 9 so you can sleep at night.
I 've been taking this for nearly a year now, and I can honestly say I 've been heartburn-free since the day after I started taking it. I can eat all the things that I love but used to keep me up all night (tomato sauce, bananas and peanut butter were the worst). It is quite expensive, about a $1 a pill with insurance, but worth every penny. It 's can also be a hassle because I have to wait to eat in the morning after I take it, but I am able to get something at work.I took Tagamet for a while, then Zantac (75 and then 150), and both those stopped working after a few months. Tums, Rolaids and all the other chewables, and liquids like Mylanta all quit working years ago. My doctor decided to step it up and prescribe this to me and my life changed.
Good medicine
This works within 30 mins. After the first pill my legs stopped burning and tingling one of the only medicines I ever found that worked so fast.
I started on Diethylpropion 75 mg once a day about a week ago. I 've lost 5 pounds and feel good. Lot 's of energy without the jitters. I highly recommend this medication for weight loss.
I felt I needed to add one of these, it was the only thing making me feel better when I went through it. But basically I had sex with this guy (not my boyfriend, which sucked because I felt like I was alone in this) and we didn 't use a condom (stupid, I know). The next day I used an ovulation calendar and found I was in my prime that week (great). I went to buy the pill but it was sold out at all the stores I kept going to, and I had plans that day so I couldn ' t get one until that night. I was stressing because I know the sooner, the better. Well it was almost 24 hours and I took it. Next few weeks were SCARY and my period was late a few days (I was freaking) but it came! Never so happy to wake up to that! So hang in there, it works
I have been ill for 40 of my 52 years with my rare condition called Autonomic Nerve Dysfunction(POTS).The pain I suffer from this condition is so bad I roll around the bed in pain , cannot walk and am bedridden at times and am unable to think straight.I started Oxycodone 3 years ago because my pain level reached 10 at times. I take 40mg of slow release every 24 hours (plus other drugs) since another tumor was found. I 've added 20mg at night because I cannot lay on my arm until sorted.I DO NOT drive with this in my system, but other than this I 've had no side effects. This drug gave me back my life and I can actually smile again.
Suboxone is a &quot;MIRACLE&quot;  and has saved my life from abusing prescription painkillers for 3 years. I was taking up to twelve 10mg Percocets everyday for those 3 years and thought I could never escape the &quot;percs&quot;. I finally found the BEST doctor in the world who actually listens and cares about my situation and started me on Suboxone and now I 've been clean for over a year and never had cravings for Percocets while taking Suboxone. Suboxone lets me live my life feeling not &quot;high&quot; but normal. Now 10/9/10 there is Suboxone Film and its outstanding. Works so much better than the orange tablets. 
I suffer from hypochondria and panic disorder. I was so afraid to take medication. After 2 years I finally took Cipralex. It has made my anxiety a lot more tolerable. I 've had a few major panic attacks but overall good experience. I 've been on 20mg for 2 years.
After going to the dentist and starting on my meds from a root canal, I experienced severe pain. I was taking Tylenol 3 and Motrin with an antibiotic and could not bare the pain any longer. Went to ER and the Doc gave me a shot of Toradol and it was able to settle the pain till I see the dentist in the morning. A miracle pain medicine.
Was not hungry for hours, worked the same as Percocet 10 or Vicodin 10. Did give me bossy attitude.
This medicine is amazing. I was a smoker for about 13yrs I wasn 't really excited about quitting didn 't really want to to be honest but when I had my 32nd birthday and started having heart murmurs, trouble breathing and lots of nagging from my boyfriend (a non smoker) that I stink, I thought I better make some changes. I 'm very glad I did. I started the pills on November 10th 2009 continued to smoke that week, had minor dizziness and nausea that first week and cut down a lot on cigarettes. I was 1/2 a pack a day to about 1/2 a cigarette twice a day on the eighth day. Nov 17th 2009 I was completely done, the smell makes me nauseous to this day and currently I am on the 7th day of being smoke free and loving it. Overall since taking the medication I have had minor nausea which lasts like 5 min, cravings off and on but only for like 10 min or so and they go away I haven 't had any scary dreams just vivid ones mostly enjoyable ones it seems for me as the days go by with the help of what I refer to as the &quot;miracle drug&quot; the days are getting easier and easier. My blood pressure has gone down a lot, my taste and smell has improved as well my best wishes go out to everyone who along with myself who is on this difficult journey or thinking of quitting continue to be strong and be smoke free for good.
I was late being diagnosed with ADHD, (late 40s) I was diagnosed Bipolar in 1992, but never felt this was the correct diagnosis as my meds never helped me with all the different thoughts going on in my head. As soon as I started concerta, I felt more relaxed, my concentration improved greatly and I could sleep peacefully without any benzodiazepines. I am currently (for over 4 years) on a dose of 72mg, it still is as effective as when I started and luckily I haven 't any of the listed side effects. I think if anybody feels they have ADHD they should seek Psychiatric help to do the relevant tests.
I was diagnosed with ADHD in 06 and I found out in order to have ADHD as an adult you had to have it as a child so I look back on my childhood in Real Life 4 did have ADHD as kid but never got treatment for it because my mom didn 't believe any mental illness so I didn 't start treatment with the ADHD until 2006 I was placed on Ritalin but I found it to be ineffective and then I stopped treatment and I started treatment up again a few months ago and I was giving our all and I found it to be very effective working but with 2 major side effect keeps me awake and constipation , but outside of those two it works wonderfully.
Always been 80 lbs since high school. No appetite, always ate in small portions. Taken this medication before but the 1st time I took in 2011 I gained weigh but also gained esophagus spasms from all the gorging I did so it 's now permanently a side effect, yay. I started taking it again Feb 22, 2017 weighed in at 80.6 lbs, as of today, March 23, 2017, I 'm weighing in at 100.4. I haven 't taken it in 3 days to see if I can keep the appetite and use when needed. It 's a great weight gain but there are side effects. Mine include no period, no sex drive, severe cold night sweats, hot flashes, the esophagus spasms, &amp; swelling of arms &amp; legs when active. These are the pros that some may consider cons- constantly hyper.
This pill works. My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex and he did not pull out in time and came in me complete. I freaked out and I took plan b within a half hour and got my period 4 days later. It was such a relief. For any girl out there freaking out just relax and take a deep breath. It works!
I have always experienced small bouts of anxiety and depression before but nothing that ever really stuck around. A few months ago something caused me to become anxious, which lead to a panic attack which then lead to depression, and no matter what I did I just couldn 't shake it. I couldn 't eat, sleep, no desire to do anything, always anxious. I went to my doctor who put me on Lexapro. It immediately helped with my anxiety, and within a few days my depression lifted. I have now been on Lexapro for over 2 months and feel back to my normal self.Initial side effects: Very sleepy for about 3 days, nausea for a couple of nights.I still experience: Vivid dreams and low sex drive.I never experienced: Weight gain or insomnia.Overall very happy.
I have been suffering with cold sores for 20 years now, they usually happen once a year. I am so horrified when they happen, I take work off, and basically live in my house for 2 weeks. I came across a YouTube video after feeling a bump coming on and that 's when I came across Zovirax. I thought what the heck I 've tried everything else. I went to my doctor same day (thank god I got in). It cost me about 90$ but it was worth it. This stuff is a god send! My cold sore was already at the blister stage so it was day 2. Applied the cream all day for 2 days, you can 't even tell I have a cold sore! There is nothing! I wish I knew about this stuff years ago. Would have saved me a lot of agony.
I have been on this drug for over a year now and it 's safe to say mirtazapine saved my life I was having really bad anxiety for 3 to 4 month and that brought on the depression it got that bad I was running into the wall to try stop the feeling. After the doctors seen me they put me on Mirtazapine on 15mg for 6 week. I dramatically seen a difference in the anxiety but still was feeling really down so the doctors put in up to 30mg and have been on since. I can go to my job with no problems. But every now and then the anxiety still comes back but I 'm learning to deal with the issue that bring the anxiety on
I have had three episodes of Diverticulitus in the last five years.  Because I had pretty rough experiences with Flagyl / Cipro combination in my previous episodes, I asked for the pharmacist to advise me, with my prior history in mind. I really wanted this time to be different. He said the most important advice is DO NOT USE ALCOHOL, which sounds like common sense; but that includes mouthwash. (you might swallow a bit)  It 's a slow recovery; absolutely. I live in So Cal and this was during a heat wave, but I slept day and night the first few days with a heating pad on my lower adbomen. The pharmacy confirmed Tylenol is okay pain, also.  It 's not a walk in the park, but I did better this time, even with other minor side effects.
I have always had the fear of speeches. Everyday I would play a scene in my head whereby im asked to present in front of the team and this was my worst nightmare. It influenced many choices I have made (what courses to take, whether to apply for jobs with presentations etc). I had tried meditation, been on public speaking courses, I even used alcohol to get through some. Eventually I went to the doctors and prescribed propanolol, I took 10mg 2 hours and then 10mg 30 mins before a presentation. Today I managed to present in front of 50 people for the first time. I was hesitant just before... but once up there I was cool and calm. It was AMAZING. No shaky voice or hands, I just did it. One of the most significant days of my life.
I have had severe plaque psoriasis on my scalp for 5 years and up until this medication literally nothing had helped me. I did every topical, several drugs and even a uv light to treat it. Once it spread to my body I had had enough and was put on this medication. It has almost cleared up my psoriasis completely, and it works fast. However the side effects for me have been horrific. I am terribly nausous and have diahrea literally every time I take it, this subsides within the hour and I can carry on with my day. Yes it 's horrible and I 've considered stopping the medication; however the fact that I haven 't should be proof of just how well it works.
Awesome stuff. I 'm a nursing assistant in a nursing home and ended up getting a migraine in the middle of my shift. Nothing usually helps my migraines, let alone gets ride of them completely. But my migraine was 100% gone within ten minutes of taking Excedrin Extra Strength. It was amazing! Never gonna need anything else for my migraines.
I was on zenzedi for about 6 months. I loved it! I have only tried Ritalin for my ADD and it made me psychotic, and once I stopped taking it I was too scared to take anything else. Well 10 years later, and sick of my ADD, I was prescribed this medication and it worked! I also had no beginning side effects.  The only complaint I have is how quickly it wore off, but it could be my own metabolism and anyone else could be different. However, due to my new insurance I am switching to Adderall XR, I 'll write an comparison opinion when I begin taking it.
I 'm known to be a little paranoid, but everything turned out just fine. Took the pill about 7 hours after sexual intercourse, experienced side effects such as headaches, dizziness, and spotting a week later. After 8 days of experiencing the side effects, I finally got my period. Definitely recommend it!
I have Implanon for about 5 months, no bleeding, only spotting. I had my period only once. I don 't have any mood swings, I am more relaxed, no PMS. Sometimes light headache, but goes away in few minutes. It doesn 't cost me any trouble and save on pads (usually used all package heavy ones and half package light ones). So far no problem.
I had less GI problems starting this than I did with Zoloft and other drugs like it.  I haven 't gotten nausea or diarrhea. My appetite is lower which is good since the other meds made me gain weight. I actually noticed myself feeling pretty good after about a month on 10mg. My doctor then increased me to 20mg. At the dose I had no problem with my social anxiety and my general anxiety was close to zero. It also worked amazingly for my depression.
I 've been taking bupropion for 5 weeks now and I am SO thankful! Teaching high school was becoming almost impossible. Try dealing with a room full of teenagers all day long when you are depressed, have no energy, no motivation and can 't think straight. And I 'd come home too tired and achy to exercise. I didn 't even know how bad it was till I started feeling normal again. Now I can think straight, I have energy, faith in myself and no more muscle aches. And NO side effects. (well one little one- less appetite so I don 't bother to cook dinner for myself regularly anymore). I just feel like me again! I am so grateful!
I was vomiting for over a day. I was ready to go to the hospital for an IV because I was so dehydrated. As a last ditch effort, I asked my husband to go to the drug store and ask the pharmacist if there was something OTC that could help... they recommended this. I took it, and it was all I needed. No more vomiting after the dose... a God send!
This has helped better than anything else I have tried.
I experience gout in my big toe (right usually I believe).  I had a flare at night while on vacation (for hiking, walking) and walked quite bit the following day (with a good deal of pain).  Three days later it was as bad as it 's ever been. Red, hot, swollen and inflamed.  I was in Maui with my wife.  What caused it was 2 meals with healthy servings of Ahi, a 10 hour plane ride with little water and alcohol - wine, a beer, martinis.  I overflowed the purine bucket.  I called my Dr. Daughter and she wrote me a script.  I took the entire first row as soon as I got it (per her directions).  Within 2-3 hours, the gnawing pain subsided, I was able to sleep all night and walk (hobble) in the AM.  I 'm 75% better after 24 hours, but can 't go on walk.
I just had it last month and so far so good, I have not had any major side effect except for a little mood swing and I have not had my period since am exclusively breastfeeding my 4 month old. so am just learning a lot from the reviews
Works excellent. Went on. Whale watch with family. Took it 1 hour before boat trip and it worked awesome. I Even was able to have food on the boat with no nausea.
I get the shot of Invega Sustenna 156mg once every 4 weeks. I am 62 and have tried everything in every research hospital in Indiana and Illinois. I use it as monotherapy along with counseling and it has revolutionalized my life.  I have no side effects.  I work full time as a school teacher and I am working on my master 's degree and expect to graduate soon.  I finally found my own miracle in this medicine. I am so grateful to my new doctor, nurse, and therapist and now to you who are reading this. 
Had my third shot today; bi-lateral. I have to say I have seen a major improvement in both knees. I would wake up at night and go to turn over, my lower leg would not move and my upper leg (above the knee) would pop and grind on the joint. When this happens now I can feel the upper and lower joints cushioned by the Orthovisc. I felt relief about 3 weeks after the first set of shots. I am confident that after the 3rd set of shots I will have the pain relief I am looking for.I would recommend to anyone give this a try before you have total knee replacement.
I started Trinessa a month and a half ago after being on Ortho Tri cyclen Lo for a year. So far it 's been great with helping my painful periods, clearing up acne, and preventing pregnancy. The only complaint I have is the slight nausea every now and then along with feeling fatigued, I assume this should go away the more I use it so right now it 's a waiting game. Other than that I like it.
Was on Serzone for 10 years. The best antidepressant ever and I have been on most of them since my tour in Vietnam. No sexual side effects on like SSRI`s or SNRI`s. Then they took it off the market. Just recently went back to nefazodone. Serzone works so good.
Tomorrow will be my 3rd colonoscopy in a 2 year period. I have never done a liquid prep before. I took 2 Dulcolax, then about 2 and 1/2 hours later, I went into the bathroom with the Suprep mix. To me, the taste was dreadful. I had to gulp it down and chase it with some clear juice. I had it all gone on less than a minute. It worked very quick. Within 5-10 minutes of taking it. No pain at all. But I have a feeling I may be on the toilet all night. My bottom is very sore as well, but that is to be expected. I have been going roughly every 10 minutes for the last 7 hours. All in all, this does its job pretty effectively!
I went years without getting help until about 8 months ago when I finally broke down, saw a doctor, and was prescribed Zoloft. This pill has given me my life back. I was diagnosed with Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, specifically intrusive/disturbing thoughts and obsessions. This disorder occupied all of my time and energy, to the point where life was unbearable and hopeless. About two weeks after starting Zoloft there were noticeable improvements. After 6 weeks, I was a different person. Anxiety-0, OCD, still there but more of a minor in convenience than life consuming. Side effects were typical at first: nausea, diarrhea, lightheaded, and insomnia. All of which subsided after a few weeks. I highly recommend that if you diagnosed, ask for Zoloft.
I 've been taking Velivet for about a year now because I started to have periods that lasted all month which resulted in anemia. My only complaint is that the cramps are quite bad, but it 's done its job for me, so I can 't complain!
Being asthmatic, I often suffer bronchial infections. I had borderline pneumonia a few months ago - a one week course of Biaxin XL cleared it up. I am now taking Biaxin XL again because I have bronchitis and after two days am breathing much better - it is also clearing up my ear infection.  Only downside to this medication is the metallic taste in the mouth and some wild dreams. I recommend drinking plenty of water to keep you hydrated while on Biaxin XL.
My dad uses this medication for 3 years now, after he was staying in the hospital with heart failure for almost 10 days. He never had that situation repeated since that...
I 've been on it for 3 months now &amp; I love it , period is much lighter .
This is the best back pain medication on the market. I have taken it since 1993 with no problems.
With peri menopause leading to menopause...came an overwhelming sadness, emotional ups and downs, anger, the black dog visited often for no apparent reason.  After seeing doctor who offered blood tests acknowledged menopause was occurring, he prescribed  pristiq 50 mg. one a day. I had negative pre conceived ideas about taking anti depressants due to incorrect information but thought I 'd give it a try. It 's now nearly three years since I began treatment....yes ...they work....side effects :can numb emotions, but not to the point that I can 't feel..loss of libido..that 's a small price to pay compared to how I felt when the black dog  visited. I tried to stop taking pristiq only to have old symptoms return
Began in April with viral over 1 million CD4 was 109. As of May viral load 606 and CD4 is 265. I 've got ways to go. No side effects at first but only side effects to complain of now are slight nausea, headache and slight diarrhea.
It works without side effects.
I have had this for two months. I am still breast feeding my youngest so my period has yet to return.There has been no pain or spotting or bleeding whatsoever.The only difference so far is increased in vaginal dryness but that could be attributed to the breastfeeding and getting older.My family doctor said to get the IUD replaced after five years because the wires may disintegrate in the acidic environment of the vagina making the removal process difficult. Even if the copper IUD says 10 years.
LOVE IT. I took Strattera for 4 yrs but switched because of terrible nausea and anxiety. The first 3 months I had terrible migraines, lack of appitite &amp; trouble sleeping. Keep taking it daily to give body time to adjust. No side effects now and huge HUGE improvement in work, concentration and motivation.
Was sick with the worst sinus infection in my life for at least 3 weeks. It began to turn into pneumonia. Amoxil wasn 't working. 2 doses of Ceftin so far and I 'm feeling much better. 
In the summer of 2009 I found out I was pregnant,  yay.....No I was addicted to heroin and a large amount of it daily, I could not continue this as long as another life was growing inside of me. Methadone maintenance was my only option. I had my child on methadone and began detoxing right away small amounts at a time like 2 mg per week. It 's been 5 years and I went from 95 mgs to 15 mgs there were months at a time I just chose to linger on a dose just out of fear of being completely off. I am doing fine I 'm a happy mom who lives a normal life and looking at me would never see any hints of my past. I 'm a completely different person and ready to be done. There is only 15 mg between my life now and the life I used to lead. It works
This drug is saving my life right now. Its a shame the people who abuse it ruin it for those of us who get relief from debilitating issues from it, because many doctors just don 't want to prescribe it now. I say what 's the point of having a drug if you can 't use it to help people who need it.
I have had 4 back surgeries ( pins, screws, plates, etc.) and both of my hips replaced, all before turning 43.  Before this, I earned a Ph.D., became a Prof. in Accounting was rewarded multitudes of student-awarded, colleague-awarded, and superiors-rewarded accollades.  Then, with all the narcotics, opiods, hospitalizations, etc, tenure was literally jerked from my grasp, and I have been forced out of three other universities since.  The depression of repeated recoveries from surgery and then med withdrawals and job losses drove me into extreme depression. Got the pain under control but it got to where I was in bed 6 of 7 days full-time. I was taking Cymbalta, but when my Dr. tried Nuvigil, it brought me back to the happiness I had known before.
I was addicted to pain killers for some time and was spending a tremendous amount of money on them. My life became consumed by pain killers to the point where they were almost all I thought about. I tried Suboxone when I couldn 't get anything else, to keep me from going into withdrawals. They were great. I had no desire to take anything else. I found a doctor and was put on 8mg. Suboxone 2x a day. I agree that they WILL help you get off opiates, BUT I feel it 's substituting one drug for another. I feel normal, not high, when I 'm on them.
I have been on Acebutolol (Sectral) for 2 years now and my BP is pretty controlled. I am also on it for an elevated heart rate not related to mitral valve prolapse. My heart rate is usually in the 80s now.  :)
I am 255lbs/5 '1 height and 33 years old. I say this because I read many reviews and doctor 's explanation that the pill sometimes does not work on obese or overweight people. It worked for me. I took it within 4 hours of being intimate with my boyfriend. You feel like you are pregnant because for at least 5 days I felt like activity was going on in my uterus, and the day before my period arrived I had really bad cramps, when I have not had cramps since I was in high school, at 120lbs and a size 2. Yes, it throws off your period. I was not due to have my period for another 2.5 weeks. However, my period came 7 days after being intimate and taking the pill, immediately. So, it works! You might be a little paranoid and feel like your pregnant because of cramps and what feels like activity going on in your uterus, but it works!
I 'm 55 and was having soft erections and losing erection as well as Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia. Asked the doc about the medical options and he prescribed 5 mg Cialis daily, or as needed, approx 1 hour before sex. Have just started but WOW this medicine has really worked for me. Easily aroused and strong, long lasting erections. I wasn 't used to being so hard and lasting so long, so had a little trouble ejaculating but when I did it was like it was in my 20 's. The one side effect has been pain in my back side. Eli Lilly offers a coupon for a free 30 day supply - what a great country!
I started Trulicity about a year ago because the medication I was on kept crystalizing and was hard to inject.  I have lost weight about 22 pounds over the course of a year.  The biggest things to get used to were the nausea and the diarrhea but after giving 4 weeks to adjust to the medication my blood sugar does not spike like it used to and I felt better.  I don 't have my usual cravings for anything bad for me  but I do have an appetite.  I tell anyone who needs to lose a few pounds and lower blood sugar to stick with it.  It will get better.  I can 't complain about the medication.  All anti-diabetic agents cause the stomach issues.  Hang in there.
I 'm 25 single mother to 8 year old twins an IUD was my choice of birth control I 've had paragard over 5 years already and I can say it 's perfect haven 't gotten pregnant, period lasts about 3 days, no mood swings, no pain, no heavy period. I love it and I 'm happy I chose paragard I had used other birth control methods &amp; hated them if you 're not planning to have kids soon this is the best method to avoid having any lol
Help with in two days-  still helping after 4 years. Some side effects.
I have been operated on for Bladder cancer. My Doctor tried many pain medications to alleviate the pain from Bladder spasms as a result of the removal of the cancer from my bladder. B&amp;O 16 is the only medicine that gave me relief from the spasms. Thank goodness it was available. I use it only as needed for the spasms, and it is not long term, however it has taken care of the problem and let me recover without the pain.
I have been taking this for about 6 months. I have anxiety and depression, and can 't fall asleep because my mind is constantly going like a video recorder. I love it. No side effects, feel good waking up, sleep like a baby all night long. Look forward to going to bed at night knowing I will sleep through the night.
*Ladies this is a real experience. I had unprotected sex around the time I was ovulating. So the chances of me getting pregnant was pretty high. I took the pill 24 hours later with my dinner and I was worried it wouldn 't work. At first I didn 't get any symptoms then a couple days to a week go by and I started to experience early pregnancy like symptoms. Today, I got my my period on time so relax it works .  
I have taken Fioricet for 20 plus years. This is the only medication that takes care of your pain.  I am 63 years old and I take approx 8 tablets daily.  My liver function tests always come back normal.  Does anyone else have a situation like mine?
I was diagnosed 5 months ago with hyperplasia. I had experienced extreme periods with clotting and 7-10 bleeding for over 5 years. I thought this was normal for women approaching menopause, it is NOT. I was also 30-40 Lbs. over weight. My gynecologist put me on progesterone pills and a few months later she did a D&amp;C. She told me my hyperplasia was gone and the best benefit is that i have no periods. I can 't say enough about this pill. I am beyond child baring years so no periods is such a bonus!
I 've only been using this gel for a few days and I can see a major difference. I have very sensitive skin so when I saw the reviews I got a little nervous, so when I tried it I was ready for red skin and rashes, but nothing happened. Within the next few days I saw a major improvement, which shocked me! I 've used a lot of acne treatments and none of them worked, but within the first couple of days I could see my pimples going away! I don 't think this is supposed to help with blackheads or whiteheads,  but this is still totally worth it! And who knows maybe if I keep using it, it will help with them. I highly recommend this product to anyone with acne problems!
Diagnosed with narcolepsy and had frequent daily cataplexy. Nothing else worked, prior to getting diagnosed, hours and hours of sleep mixed with coffee, energy drinks and abuse of workout stimulants. After adjusting to the jitters and slight nausea, I 've never felt better. Every now and then I will need a small nap, but I am sleeping deeper and sleep walking much less. I went from several cataplexy a day to only three in the last month. Those three only happened because I hadn 't gotten enough sleep that night. This drug works the best for me when I get more than 6 hours of sleep, ideally 7 or 8 hours though. I am very happy overall, but it is ridiculously expensive if you aren 't on an insurance plan, like me (just switched jobs).
After 40 years I finally found a medicine that works. I take it with Seroquel.
Like so many others here, I 've had cold sore outbreaks here and there since I was a little kid. It was Always a source of anxiety for me, either when I had one, or just worrying about when the next one was coming. I 'm in my 30s now. About 2 years ago, I had my dentist call in a prescription when I had felt one coming on for a few hours ( the bump was forming ) not knowing what would happen. He called it in. I took my first dose within an hour. It never really formed, just stayed a bump for a half day or so and then flattened out and healed quickly. Since then I 've always made sure to keep it on hand at home at my office. I 've taken it several times since at the first signal and its been all clear. Cannot recommend enough!!
Took severe pain away. Hand and neck arthritis. Take with 2 Tylenol or ibuprofen  every other dose for best relief. Brand name ultram 50 mg every 5-6 hrs if needed. For me, took most pain away! Better than vicodin and not sure why but so happy I have it. Cons: occasional nausea and big time constipation-take with laxative or colace. I started pill slowly- two 25mg per day over period of a week and worked up to 50 3 x per day over 3 weeks.
I have no problem falling asleep, but wake in the night and sometimes cannot fall back to sleep. I take one half tablet 12.5 mg of Phenergen and even if my sleep is disturbed I fall back to sleep easily, and wake up refreshed.
It works very well for pain..it gives seniors energy to function and the side effects are very mild, if any. 
Found this medication to be very effective in the betterment of my quality of life. No impairment whatsoever, during work or study. My sincere experience. Sincerely. Junior, from Dan Juan ,Puerto Rico. Thankyou
I 've been taking this medication for about 1.5 years now. I had chronic migraines for over a year before I started taking this, with no explanation as to why I was having such awful headaches every single day. Ob-Gyn recommended me on birth control, and I haven 't had a migraine for 1.5 years now! I don 't have any bad side affects from this birth control (that I 've noticed yet). Only having a period 4 times a year is definitely a plus!
Eight months ago, I had a severe anxiety attack after cutting myself badly while cooking. One second I was fine, the next my heart was racing, dizzy, felt like running, felt I was losing control. After an hour I somewhat calmed down, but after thinking about the anxiety, I got nervous and another came on, and from that point on, for the next week, from the moment I woke up, until the moment I fell asleep (never more than 3 hours a night), I was having total anxiety attacks. Finally I called a psych, who told me to go to a clinic, and they gave me Xanax, which helped to bring down the anxiety, but it recurred after few hours. Finally they put me on Celexa and after 2 weeks, symptoms disappeared. It has kept me normal, no side effects. Good medicine.
Now 61, for four years I have suffered a reduction of urinary flow and an increased urge to urinate due to BPH.  Frequently, this would result in near sleepless nights as I arose every hour to urinate.  Also, each urination would be accompanied by some pain or burning.  Doctor encourages homeopathic remedies and for a few months, I got some relief from taking SAW PALMETTO.  However, this effect was short lived and soon all my symptoms returned.  Doctor next recommended Flomax (tamsulosin).  This failed due to two side effects; headache and loss of erections.  We finally tried a 5mg dose of daily Cialis.  What a difference!  My urinary problems have nearly vanished while experiencing only minor acceptable side effects.
The cadilac of ADD medications! Little to no side effects. Only one that truly helped me.
I tried several other anti-depressants before being prescribed fluoxetine. It has really made a huge difference in my life. I used to suffer from constant anxiety, racing thoughts, depression, and suicidal thoughts. I couldn 't drive a car, go grocery shopping, order fast food, leave my house, or even talk to friends and family without having a mental breakdown.  Eventually, I was completely dysfunctional and hopeless. In combination with DBT therapy, I have greatly improved.  I still have sad days, but my anxiety is pretty much non-existent.  Life is not a constant struggle.  When I first started fluoxetine, I was very nauseous and could not orgasm.  After a few days, the nausea wore off, and with practice, my sex life returned to normal.
Well, not sure if everyone follows the take on ADHD 7-types, but my girlfriend pretty much says that the traits for the &quot;over-focused&quot; type is me to a &quot;T&quot;.  Worrier, resistant to change, hyper-focused, impulsive, forgetful, etc.  Doctor originally thought GAD - so treated with Effexor, Cipralex, Imipramine and then Cymbalta.  Cymbalta made things so worse.  Psychiatrist caught the ADHD and prescribed Wellbutrin.  HUGE difference. I see it, friends see it...and my psych is really pleased with the change and turn-around. May not be for everyone..and give it several weeks if you try. Oh - some pluses...no impact on the libido (maybe even increased)...and a bit of appetite suppression (hey, two side-effects most could live with!)
I took plan B a little over 24 hours after un-protected sex. For some reason, I was dumb and didn 't think about the possible consequences of not being on birth control, not using a condom, and possibly ovulating. I got my period about a week after I took the pill. It was a really weird period, with dark blood, and eventually more bleeding than I usually have (with clotting). Right after I took the pill, I had cramps which I freaked out about, only realizing later that my body was getting ready for a period. I was nervous that it wouldn 't work, but getting my period a week later was 100% of the reassurance I needed. Worth the money- my only regret was not taking the pill sooner.
I 've had this birth control for over a month now and I love it. I bled for about four more days after insertion and haven 't had a period yet. Or spotting. The doctor told me if I had prolonged bleeding that I could go to him, get some pills and the bleeding would stop. Most girls are too embarrassed about doing that. But there is something to stop the excessive bleeding.
I have bipolar II. It took until I was 41 years old before I found quetiapine. I am far more stable on this medicine than anything else I 've tried. The only side effect is extreme drowsiness which kicks in 45 minutes after taking my medicines, and makes it tough to function the next morning! If that 's the trade off for profound depression or uncontrollable candy coloured highs, I 'll take it.
Within one month of starting on Pentasa all my Crohn 's symptoms have been completely in remission and have remained so going on 5 years now.
I love this pill. Only been on it for 2 months and lost 3 pounds, my period is lighter and no cramps, only problem the pill is mad expensive with insurance and coupons brings it to $50. Without coupon and without insurance its $110. I wish they could drop the price.
Lashes are much longer and fuller. No side effects.
I had a terrible migraine and took 1/2 of a 5mg. It worked great. Yes, it knocked me out for about 12hrs but that was a small price to pay in order to get rid of the pain. It just works different for people. My boyfriend takes a 10mg for back spasms and he can barely tell he took one. He is a little under 200 lbs and I 'm about 140lbs. I do not take this medication on a regular basis. Maybe twice a month if that.
So about this time last year, November. I started Harvoni and took it every day for approximately 90 day straight, if it was going to work I couldn 't lag and didn 't plan to either. I 've had hep-c since I was about 14 years old and my life depended on this drug working. So to make a long story short, a year later I 'm hep-c free, go to the gym daily and feel like a champ. I even ride my dirt bike at a local track with no issues at all. Thanks for giving my wife, 2 young children, and especially me, a longer happier life.
Had the flu for 3 days, then decided to go to the doctor, was prescribed Tamfilu, within 2 days, I was already feeling a lot better.  Wished I would have went sooner, this medicine is great!
Unbelievable!  After suffering everyday with sciatica nerve pain, losing sleep, falling into depression, I tried one pill, Aleve. Nothing else I tried worked.  Aleve did exactly what my body needed to get relief from pain and inflammation.  I didn 't want a narcotic, no. I will continue to take Aleve for a week to be sure that all traces of sciatica and inflammation are completely gone.
Just had my second shot last month. No side effects at all.
This is a miracle medicine. It has gotten terrible publicity lately. I took it in 2004 with terrible and painful acne and have had clear skin ever since. Nothing else worked and I tried everything. The side effects are completely trumped by the effectiveness of the medicine.
Crestor did an excellent job for me. I am now taking Lipitor due to my insurance companys request.
Went to the hospital for a migraine - come to find my body was toxic and had an internal infection throughout. Doctor prescribed Bactrim and by itself with no aspirin it got rid of the headache. Apparently it does the job, does it well and does it fast for ME.
I am 47 having AS for 26 years.last 5 months have starting using Embrel, I can not describe the results...try it yourself...amazing
I never write reviews  I was searching to see if it is ok I keep taking Contrave and found this site!  I have lost 29 pounds in 13 months and have kept it off.    I feel great and went down three sizes!  After the first 5 days, felt loopy or slightly dizzy, I never had any side effects.   I take one in the morning with protein (egg or shake) and follow my plan.  You can 't expect any pill to be a miracle maker.  You also have to have will power.  When someone puts a piece of chocolate in front of you and you eat it the pill won 't work!  You  have to put time and energy into your plan.  I feel Contrave takes away the urges.   Watch your diet, eat well, be happy and this will work.  It did for me! Feeling great and maintaining my weight loss.
I have been taking this for a little over a month, and I am extremely happy. I have suffered from chronic constipation my entire life. Since on this medication, I have regular bowel movements and less cramping and bloating.  It does make me drowsy, so I now take it before I go to bed. I take one at night and by the morning, I am able to go.
IV Excellent 5 Star*****Oral 3 Star ***
Because of the opiate crisis, my doctor didn 't feel comfortable giving me an opiate for pain in my back and shoulder from a nasty fall. But, she gave me this medication and the pain went away and I actually felt happy. A little dizzy but nothing too bad. I recommend this medication.
I 've tried everything! 800mg Ibuprofen, Amitriptyline, Valium suppositories (oral form as well), and pretty much every narcotic.. Tramadol was the only one that gave me my life back. I wasn 't able to function or complete daily activities before. I 've had Vulvodynia for 5 years, with no pain relief. This is my miracle drug! Just one 50mg dose can have me feeling NORMAL. 95% pain-free! I 'm praying that I can find a doctor to prescribe me this for vaginal pain/muscle spasms. I 've only tried 2 temporary scripts so far for &quot;as needed&quot; basis. It would mean the world to me to feel like myself again (forgot what that was like), just until I can find a way to heal my condition. My heart goes out to anyone suffering. Hang in there, there is hope..
I was diagnosed with plaque psoriasis this year and was started on Humira shortly after the diagnosis..... I cannot be more pleased with any other medication! Within 2 months my skin was completely clear and itch free! No more redness or scaling... Humira is a miracle.
Hi .. First of  all I am a woman who didn 't believe in any antidepressants ever! Then came the dreaded monster I call menopause (well for me it was tough) not all woman have it so BAD. Anyways I met with my Dr. and told her everything that  I felt and she prescribe 20 of prozac. I came home saying to myself  gee I cant take this - I heard so much negative things back in the 80 's in high school ..? Then I said well its either giving it a try and hope for the best, or lose my Husband of 20 yrs and cry more.. So I took a pill that same afternoon and wow I can say it took about 3 weeks before major  difference butI am thankful everyday and night  as I am so much happier.
I have had the Implanon for about a month now. The insertion didn 't hurt and it was free with my insurance.  I have actually had an increase in my sex drive, and my migraine headaches (which I was getting at least once a week) have now greatly reduced.  I have some light bleeding, but I was warned of this before I got it inserted, and your doctor will inform you of side effects before you get it so you can 't really get angry when it happens.  I am a busy person and I chose this birth control because it suits my life style.  Overall I love it, and would highly recommend it to others.
I think  endocet are the best pain medicine I have been on pain medicine for 15 years I have  3 crushed disc in my  back and they can 't operate because I have a bad heart I was driving  400 miles round trip to get them that is how much I think they are  much better than any other  brand
I was skeptical first trying it because I never had birth control before. I 'm 23 and a hypochondriac. My 1st month (Nov) I started taking it on 16th during my period , it lightend it by 3 days-- a week after, I spotted lightley for 2 weeks straight (nothing serious or worrisome). December I got my period on time, again it was light and short, and then january I didnt get my period but had really really light spotting for 1 day and my doc said that WAS my period.Basically I had NO other symptoms at all being on this pill, aside from a really sweet tooth craving chocolate and sweets which made me gain about 5-7 lbs. Other then that. THUMBS UP
I have been on Tasigna since August 2012. I hit remission pretty quick. As for the side effects I am always very tired, I can 't work a full day, as a result I can only work part time now. I have a full body pin point red rash that won 't go away, and feel sick quite often. Other then that the meds are great
I have been taking this medication for 10 years due to multiple allergies, I TAKE IT AT NIGHT AS IT CAN CAUSE DROWSINESS, ALTHOUGH PERSONALLY I HAVE NOT FOUND THIS TO BE A PROBLEM.
I have been taking Aviane for about 3 years now. It is my first and only birth control I have ever taken. It is perfect, except for the side effects I get when I forget to take it. If I forget to take it one day, I have to double up on it the next day and that makes me sick and I throw up. Other than that, its great. No cramps, lighter periods. Highly recommended.
I will just say, I had a horrible acne.. And it didn 't make it any better that I was super sensitive to fake hormones; birth control. I couldn 't and still can 't take it because I have a rare side effect to it that causes cystic acne.. I didn 't figure this out until after the damage was done, unfortunately.. I was extremely desperate, because I tried everything known to mankind before birth control. I even tried 4 different antibiotics and only one worked, but I ended up relapsing before my year time frame was up. I was in a huge and not to mention horrible, predicament.. So, my last resort being Accutane- was the best decision I ever made. The only thing I will harshly complain about is around the fifth month I started having hair thinning.
I had it since Feb of 08. Love it I 'm already on my second one.  No periods which I love and its pain free. You may spot once in a while but its really light.
No side effects. Relief of symptoms of depression was evident in the first week of taking this medication and are continuing. The medication is expensive ($200 for a month 's supply), but a small price to pay for what it delivers.
This medicine does work very well to clear up the infection.  I have taken it and had minimal side effects but other times like my most recent I had a lot of side effects, dizzy, insomnia, nerve pain.  I have to stop taking it which is really too bad because no other antibiotic gets rid of a sinus infection faster than this.
It is the ONLY reason I am able to sit at this computer and type right now. 2 weeks ago I got a very very bad virus, was dehydrated &amp; had my 1st migraine at 32 years old. I can 't even begin to tell you the pain I have felt over the past 2 weeks with it not letting up AT ALL. I have had blood work, spinal tap, ct scan, mri, numerous pain meds while I was in the hospital 3 different times over the past 2 weeks. My doctor 's office gave me a shot of this 4 days ago and it was the ONLY relief I had felt. My doctor gave me the oral form this past Friday and my headache is starting to break. This may not work for everyone, but for me it has literally been a miracle! I wish I could take it more than 5 days, but hopefully my migraine will be gone!!
I was recently diagnosed schizoaffective, at 30 years of age. I 've been on 30 different medications, ranging in all of the psychotropic med. spectrum. Abilify, at 10 mg., has stopped the; delusions, paranoia, depression and visuals. I am in full remission with the aid of paxil and remeron. Initially, abilify can cause some insomnia. Ask for a sleep aid. I used remeron for sleep. I highly recommend Abilify for schizoaffective disorder. 1 week should have results. 2 weeks peak plasma concentration. Peace
I had been experiencing severe depression and anxiety for 3 months due to a relationship break-up and unemployment.  Crying at least every other day.  Deep sadness.  Despair.  Really hurting.  Also had bad free-floating anxiety.  Could feel it come over my body. Horrible feeling.  Had no appetite(lost about 9 lbs over 3 months).  Sleep maintainence trouble.  Would fall asleep but couldnt stay asleep.  Libido was gone.  Went to Dr.  Was prescribed cit.  20 mg daily.  Within 1 week, crying stopped and sadness was gone.  I mean, gone!  By end of second week anxiety was gone.  By 3rd week my appetite was back.  Over the 4th week my sleep has improved. Side effects mild.  If you can relate to these symptoms try this med.  I thank God I did
I know people keep saying how bad the suboxone withdrawal is, but it really isn 't that bad in comparison to the harder opiates.  Over my years of experience with this I have noticed that withdrawal symptoms are largely all in the head.  I know people who have never had withdrawal symptoms simply by not thinking about it.  I myself have been slowly tapering off of suboxone for about 8 months.  I try to take it later and later in the day.  Push yourself to wait another hour.  Take a smaller amt and stay busy!  Boredom will make you relapse!  Exercise, take vitamins, eat healthy.  It is a good idea to start doing these things before attempting to stop the suboxone.
I was getting really sick but had to travel for work. My lungs hurt so badly I thought I was going to land myself in the ER. I got off a flight and grabbed some Mucinex at the airport and got to my hotel. I was having such a hard time breathing and was coughing so badly I hadn 't slept in nights. I took the mucinex and slept all night long and woke up and got stuff out of my lungs and felt SO much better.
I know some people of had terrible experiences with this medication I however have had phenomenal results. Within my GERD  had greatly subsided. I 'm down to taking it every other day and I have had no problems whatsoever. I 've tried everything else and nothing else worked.
It 's expensive but it WORKS!! My insurance covers it so I basically had a risk free try. I 'll definitely be refilling my prescription. I bought proactive. And after a month I was seeing the results I wanted so my doctor prescribed this. I use it at night as it can dry the face. I use Spectro to wash my face day and night. It helps with the dryness. But honestly, it 's been a couple weeks and my present acne is already fading. I had maybe one zit come up and it isn 't all nasty and it 's shrinking. I highly recommend especially if you have an oil problem.
Surprised at results so far. I travel and eat out often so I cannot prepare my meals very often. I have lost 15 lbs in 7 weeks which for me is unbelievable. I never felt better ever. I can 't explain the burst of energy I feel. I know it doesn 't affect metabolism and there is no increase in heart rate or blood pressure so that can 't be it. With my hectic lifestyle, dieting has become so very easy. i have recommended this to my wife and friend!
I have really, really bad insomnia. I 'm up for 3 -4 days straight and after my doctor prescribed me a combination of zopiclone and amitriptyline I 'm able to sleep 4-5 hours but your body can become tolerant after a while meaning you may have to increase your dosage. I 've had to do this but what I 've started to do is try to keep really busy throughout the day and IF needed at night I 'll take a smaller dose than prescribed to me or try to go a few days without it then take my regular dose.  
After having major oral surgery I was given this and I was skeptical about this medicine, I had never heard of it before but it really helped with the pain. I later found out it was the same as Percocet, which I was familiar with.
Been on Junel fe 1/20 for about 3 months now and take mine at night before bed. first month I was slightly more moody, just in general( maybe still more edgy) . I really didn 't like taking bc pills in the past, all the side effects didn 't sit well with me but, I decided it was time to start taking them again so there 's no worries. It 's a pretty mild pill no major side effects for me. A few things happened for me. my first period on it was more brown than red blood but since then it 's been okay. My sex drive before was at an all time high now that I 've been on these pills for 3 months it has definitely decreased some. Other than that everything has been good. I think if you can make it through the first month of a new pill you 'll be good.
I was put on this medicine in 2011 due to severe anxiety that led to depression. My psych doc had combined Wellbutrin XL 300mg and Cymbalta 60mg. Within 6 months I was symptom free and back to normal. I stopped all medicines 12 months later. Then I went 2.5 years without meds. An anxiety attack this November started my relapse. Now I 'm back on the same combination, hoping for the same results as last time. Only this time I 'm staying on the meds for 2 years minimum.
It was recommended by my doctor because it is water instead of oil based.  It did not irritate.  Please bring it back.
Very excellent experience with relief from migraine upon wakening lasting up to thirteen days at a time. I have had no migraines after the botox started working three days after injections. I do have neck soreness which is lessening as the days go by.I am on my first round and will try it again in three months.
Prescription strength Naproxen and Mucinex D are the only things to relieve pain and pressure when I have one of my frequent maxillary sinus infections.
I lived with severe psoriasis for almost 10 years. It covered almost 90% of my body. I 've tried every medication available - methotrexate, Raptiva, and several others. Remicade has been a mircale for me. Short sleeves, clean scalp, no psoriasis. It has changed my life with an infusion for a couple of hours every other month. I live with confidence again.
The normal treatment of Prednisone &amp; Mestinon became ineffective. My neurologist asked for me to try CellCept. I was placed on 1000 mg twice a day. It has been a God send. My eyes and face cleared up and my vision improved. This year, I was forced into Obama Care and the government panel has rejected me the use of it. I would be forced to personally pay an extremely high price for it.
March 2014 I started breaking out so bad I cried. I didn 't know why I was breaking out because I was clear for fives years on ortho tri cyclen. All of sudden I had huge painful acne all of my chin and above my lip. I tried everything and nothing worked. Decemeber 2014 I finally tried yaz. At first my acne got worse and I started losing hope. But I imediallty noticed that I had fewer cystic pimples. Now it is May and I finally have clear skin. I still have a few red marks from scars and I get tiny little pimples but no where near what I had before. This stuff is amazing and I finally feel confident again. It started to really work for me on month 4 so give it time and don 't give up.
The best medicine I have ever taken. Usually takes about an hour to work. I take it before bedtime (0.5mg) Restful sleep, but no grogginess in the morning. Just a really great medicine! I would highly recommend it to others!
We were given samples to try by a dermatologist..  His eczema was so bad that his eye lids, knee joints, elbow and sometimes fingers will crack and bleed. &quot;Plaqueing&quot; of the skin would raise and bleed.  Day three and all is so much better.  Steroid creams were only temporary and can not be used on the face but this has worked everywhere.  I 've noticed some fever blisters and/or pimples that have shown up in the last few days, but again, he 's 12.  May not be related.  So far, we are ecstatic with this..
Amazing! Used to sweat so badly under arms! It was so embarrassing to have sweat stains when I was barely doing anything. One night of using this and I instantly did not sweat the next day! And you only have to use it once or twice a week after you stop sweating. Tried everything and this truly works! Stings pretty bad the first time but thought it was well worth it. Did not feel a thing after the first time though!
I 've been taking it on and off (mostly on) for 4 years. It 's worked like a charm. Even without the pill I 've always had a fairly regular cycle and my cramps have been manageable with Aleve. With Levora, my period is the same length but it 's lighter, and the cramps are lighter. I almost always start the same evening and the period lasts 3 days, with 1-2 more days spotting. My only complaint- each time I 've gone on and off the pill, I 've gained a couple pounds. I haven 't had issues with mood swings or anything. But, I know it isn 't 100% effective especially if you vomit/have bad diarrhea within some time of taking the pill, which worried me when I lived in the developing world and got food poisoning a lot.
Very positive experience, I have tried Wellbutrin, Celexa, Pristiq, Cymbalta, Effexor and Prozac (Fluoxetine) is the only one I can take with no side effects.. All others I had to stop early on because of unbearable side effects. Fluoxetine makes me feel better but only at a lower dose. If I take 20mg or over I feel lethargic.  Give it a try!
My boyfriend and I had sex we used protection but after we finished we realized that the condom broken so we went to the nearest store and bought Plan B.  I took it during the 24hour period and I had hardly experienced any of the side effects. Then I had to play the waiting game and that was really miserable but I was supposed to start the 26th but it didn 't happen so I started thinking I was pregnant my boyfriend and I  started worrying but then it came today so it worked for me I hope it works for you
Has been a god send without this medicine there is no way I would still have my family. I can now control my thoughts and my actions like never before. My depression manifested itself through anger no longer do I become angry for no reason. I now have control over my depression.
Awesome
On my third day with Levaquin. Only problem that I am having is insomnia.  Tired during the day, completely awake at night. Cough is pretty much gone.  I feel great, just need to go to bed.
All I can say is WOW! After the birth of my son, I developed insomnia and anxiety. I placed a lot of pressure on myself to get enough sleep and the result was not being able to sleep. In addition, I have very high expectations of myself. I work from home and was studying at the time. From this, I caused so much anxiety for myself to the point where I couldn 't control my thoughts and feelings. I was prescribed Zoloft which probably made me more anxious and I was on that for a year. My GP switched me to Lexapro 4 months ago.  On this med I feel like a different person. Happy, no anxious thoughts, I am sleeping like a log and am dreaming! I haven 't dreamt in years and it 's lovely! I have had no side effects on this drugs :)
Lost 45lbs. Actually lost too much weight. Started looking bony. Actually had 2 different doctors tell me I had last too much.  I have never heard that from an MD before which is probably why I kept at it. I only started off wanting to loose 12 to 15 but the lbs may coming off and didn 't stop. I 've been weaning myself off since I saw pics of my face and chest. And yes, bones are sticking out.  Qsymia worked for me. It 's expensive but nothing except surgery and starvation helped before and with this med it was so easy.
I started on Adipex-P 37.5mg on September 27, 2010 and had my follow up appointment today October 25, 2010  I lost 15 pounds in 1 month.  My doctor said that was great.  The only side effect I have is dry mouth.  For me it totally cuts out my appetite, I don 't crave any sweets ( my weakness )  I cut out sugar and salt all together, and I used Slim Fast for the times I didn 't have time to make something.  I ate more fruits and veggies.  I also completely stayed away from soda.  I don 't have any problems sleeping.  When you are on Adipex you have to be seen by your doctor each month, the maximum time allowed on Adipex is 3 months.  Because of the risk of becoming addicted and other health risk that could develop.  After a few months you can get back on them, if so desired.   Because your only can be on Apidex 3 months at a time, the challenge will be keeping the weight off after.  I know for me it 's like it puts a block on all my bad snacking and cuts out all my cravings.  I don 't have any hunger pains what so ever, at times I have to force myself to eat something, even just drink a Slim Fast.
Give Trulicity at least 4 weeks. I like many others experienced upset stomach, nausea and fatigue the first month where symptoms decreased each week. The nausea was quick and unexpected and I wanted to throw in the towel. I 'm now on week 6 and feel fine most of the time. The fatigue is still there sometimes but it 's been manageable. This has been the best medicine for me by far. I  am on the low dose .75 and also take metformin 500 mg twice daily. I find the best time to take my shot is at night before I go to bed and I only take 1- 500 mg of metformin the day after the shot, where the side effects were more active. I was on Kombiglyze SR that had 2000mg of metformin. It did not work for me. My numbers are finally below 120 with trulicity.
My 2 yr old had been suffering from indoor and outdoor allergies since she was 9 mo old. We found Allegra suspension and it works quite well along with her taking Singulair. If she misses a few doses we can tell; her eyes itch and she gets congested. Just started to find the suspension in a larger bottle, so this keeps us from running out. Thanks!
Was taking 10 7.5/325 daily for severe auto immune joint foot pain and nerve pain.  60mg time release. 9 out of 10 days I 'm fully functional like a normal mom.  My only issue is IBS... if I take in the AM and have my guts evacuate I am forced to suffer with only my 3 daily allowed break through pain medication.  Then if I don 't double up the break through the withdrawal symptoms cause my guts to keep dumping.  I have slow digestion and it works about 19 to 22 hours.  I imagine a regular digestive system would burn through this medicine before 24 hours.  I tried it at night first and really enjoyed waking up without pain but had trouble the last 3 hours before the next dose. I would rather spend those wasted hours in bed each morning.
I had runny nose, blocked ears, headache, sore throat with mucus, Its great! I took one pill and saw relief, so 4 hours later I took the second one. Now I am wide awake. It 's almost 4 am. Take it earlier.
I am currently on belviq, I chose to write a review, because I was looking for a &quot;real&quot; honest/objective view of the drug. I will say this, I have taken belviq for about 1 month now. Initially, about the first 5 days I didn 't notice a huge change in appetite. But by week 2, you notice it for sure. Fuller faster, and cravings for junk are a minimum. I planned to have a &quot;cheat day&quot; because in addition to the belviq, I 've totally changed my eating habits, well cheat day comes, and I 'm not craving any junk. At first the dry mouth side affect is awful but that goes away. Long story short, this medication is doing me proud. I can 't say any huge weight loss yet BUT hey less eating, less chance of obesity.
Macrobid cleared up my UTI in only 4 days. I was afraid to use it based on the comments on this site but keep in mind, most people who take time out to comment are those with negative experiences. Usually people with great experiences like myself don 't take time out to talk about how well a medication works-they use it and go on with their daily lives. It 's been over a year now and no reoccurrence of UTI. I had zero side effects.
I can not even begin to tell you how Suboxone has saved my life. After 14 yrs of Opiate addiction stemming from a medical condition, I was scared to try it. I had experienced withdrawl a few times before but I did try it and my entire life changed. I am enjoying my life. I never felt any withdrawls. I started by taking 2 a day, now take 1 a day and feel great. Soon I 'll be off completely. Please at least try them. You might get your life back.
Wow! I should not be susprised after all I did pray for fast relief from that miserable symptoms I had. I hate to think that someone with have to do without because they could not afford this med. 
I 'm sharing my positive experience with Paragard - I hesitated for quite some time because of some of the things I 'd read online. I 've had Paragard for 4.5 months now, and I wish I 'd gotten it sooner! It 's wonderful!Two main points- first, my period hasn 't changed much. Still lasts 5 days, with 1-2 days of bleeding on the heavier side. No, I don 't have to change my tampon every hour =)As for the cramps, mine have actually IMPROVED. I don 't even have to take midol anymore!! My cramps used to be a constant, dull ache that would last all day- they were terrible. With Paragard they come in short waves (lasting for like 10 seconds). They are so much more bearable now!No maintenance, no hormones, and highly effective? Best decision ever!
Kadian has saved my life. I have degenerative disc disease, and was unable to do much of anything painless, I barely got off of the couch. Now I am up cleaning my house, playing with my baby and participating in life. My pain scale was a 8 on most days and with Kadian and other medication for breakthrough pain I am at a 1.5 just about everyday.
I have been taking Adipex 37.5 mg for about a month now. Eating low carbs and more veggies and protein. I eat around 1,000 calories. 5 '3&quot; 144 pounds. So far I 've lost about 11 pounds and 10&quot;. I walk 2 miles everyday. Side effects: dry mouth and constipation (off and on). I worry about the heart valve side effects I 've read that other people have had from taking this but I 'm hoping to just have to take it for another 2 months or so. I would like to get down to 125 pounds. I do find that the Adipex helps me during the day although I still get very hungry at night. But I fight it by drinking more water. Good luck to everyone in their weight loss.
Excellent results with Cymbalta on 30mg once each night. Burning pain reduced some 80%. Does generate dreams, but not uncomfortable dreams. This is the first medicine that helped. Side effects too great with Neurontin; felt little to no effect with Lyrica.
It worked! Had brief unprotected sex then used condom for the rest of it, but I took a plan b about 1-2 hours later just to be careful cause of Pre cum. Most likely after ovulation. Started freaking out and reading reviews positive I was pregnant because I overreact like that. I had slight nausea and diarrhea a couple days after but very little side effects. Period came right on time. I 'm not gonna tell you not to worry because I did that no matter how many reviews I read, but use this feeling to make sure you don 't make this mistake again! Good luck
I 've suffered from generalized anxiety for 25 years. At one point I could barely leave my house. Afraid to drive on bridges, tunnels, fly...  I even had anxiety about taking taking anxiety medication.  Xanax was a game changer for me!  I rarely take it, but I 've Taken trips I never thought I would be able to take. Get this, I was even able to skydive!  Not bad for an agoraphobic.  It builds confidence. Just having it in my pocket really helps. I had to take a .5 mg dose tonight because I 've been in panic mode for five days and I  finally needed to reset my mental state.   I think David Burn 's &quot;feeling good handbook,&quot; is an awesome tool too. I 'm rambling because after 5 days of super anxiety, I finally took a .5 and now I feel great.
I was diagnosed with actinic keratosis in August and then decided to apply the Efudex cream to face in the middle of September. I thought that I only had a couple of spots which I was concerned about but after applying the cream to my forehead, temples, cheeks, nose, around the eyes and my ears it became quite apparent that there were a vast amount of areas that had been affected.In the First week I saw that these areas became inflamed although not painful.In the  second week these areas started to merge together and then look like blisters and sores on my face, especially below my eyes.In the third week these started to scab a little and became a bit painful I think due to the skin feeling very dry. I am now in my fourth and final week
Slow and steady definitely wins this race. I was skeptical going on birth control to fix my ongoing acne battle especially since I am not sexually active. I have been on it for 3 months now and I am so grateful I did this!! My acne has cleared up 80% and I expect it to be closer to 95% for the next pack. It was hard to be patient those 3 months of wondering if it would work, but it did and I 'm soo happy about it. At first, I noticed some swelling and tenderness in the chest, but that subsided after about 2-3 weeks, once my body got a bit more used to it. I had a few pounds of weight gain but that has since come off too- and may have been just water weight.
I tried several times to stop smoking, but always relapsed. Commit lozenges were the only success I had. Here were my complaints about other methods:* Prescriptions - didn 't want to put medicine in my body* Nicoderm CQ - patches didn 't stick to hairless parts of my body* Hypnosis - I always lit up after my hypnotherapy sessionI stopped with Commit, but started again because I wasn 't truly ready. Once I was finally determined to quit, I went back to Commit. Just when I was making this decision, they came out with the Cappuccino flavor version and as of today I have been a non-smoker for three and a half months. It 's the only method that has truly worked for me.
This birth control has no copay under my insurance and it works great for my needs.
The same day the accident happened I took the pill four hours after because there was no way I was ready or my partner. It worked ! I got my period earlier :)!!! however my timing for menstruation is all over the place so it 's never a solid date.  The faster you take it the better okay!! Throughout the month i did nothing but look at reviews and kept scaring myself thinking i was pregnant... but then my period came :)!!! Definitely take it as soon as you can and don 't let your mind think you 're pregnant. Be safe next time!!!!
I read a whole ton of bad reviews on this, specifically the side effects, but so far I have had no side effects. My friend stopped taking BC because the nausea (I have no idea which brand/type) so I was iffy but so far I love it! It 's cleared my terrible ance problem almost fully. My periods are like they always have been, a day or two longer, but I think thats because I stopped working out as much. I would give it a 10 but I 've not taken the drug that long to truly know.
Unbelievable... Appetite has been cut in half if not more, however eating healthy and keeping a food log to ensure calorie intake. Starting 2nd week increasing dosage to 1.2. Have experienced no side effects i.e., nausea, headaches, etc.  Career mandates extensive travel, has been easy to maintain overall calories without any &quot;sugary cravings&quot;.
I wanted to cut my legs off, I was willing to sit in a wheelchair for the rest of my life vs living with the agony from RLS, which at the time, felt like I was telling my doctor a fib... when Mirapex came to canada I went straight to him and said put me on this NOW. I would go weeks without any half decent sleep if any at all. Now if I don 't take my 3.50 mg a day I know it. BUT I also just (today) got out of the hospital from the psych ward, third time, each time has gotten worse. Suicide, uncontrollable actions, Grandiose ideas, lack of sleep and not from RLS, heart palpitations, eye sight blurry, confusion, short memory, forgetfullness... and of course compulsive gambling/shopping! SOMETHING ELSE HAS TO WORK! now...
I am also extremely frustrated by the fact that Entex LA was removed as a medicine of choice (because it worked!) for those of us with congestion who have found that no other medication works.  I took one tablet a day during allergy season for about 2 years, and then ended up taking one tablet a day year-round for the next 14 years.  I had my life back.  Four years later, I am still trying to find something to replace it. I went to the SW (Phoenix) for 12 days in Feb.2008 (while it was raining here in the Northwest), and all my symptoms disappeared - overnight.  It was the most wonderful feeling.  When it did rain for a couple of days in Phoenix, though, I was just as miserable as I had been at home.  Is mold the problem?
Since I 'm on Zoloft I didn 't have any panic attack and I was in more than one trigger situation but I reacted like normal people do. I 'm so happy that Zoloft exist.I can truly say that Zoloft saved my life and improved it.
I have panic attacks and I stress myself to no end about everything, just can 't seem to be calm down or assured about anything. Sometimes I don 't even want to be around people or have conversations. This medicine is the best, its quick, calming and I feel warm cozy and happy again. Sleep really awesome too. No bad side effects. I take 2mg.
I started using Drixoral many years ago as prescribed by my primary care doctor.  Over the years when new drugs came out he would have me to try them.  Nothing works like Drixoral.  I am having a hard time finding it in the DC area and have been really suffering. 
My grandmother had Voltaren gel for her, but when my knee wouldn 't bend and I began to have pain, she let me use her gel. So far, I 've placed it on my right knee and the pain was almost gone. I 've placed the gel on again and the pain is disappearing. I 'm 19 and there is no way I should be having joint pain...the gel works great.
My doctor gave me an 800 mg Ibuprofen about an hour before insertion.  While they attempted to insert the Mirena (which I had originally planned on getting) I experienced horrible pain for nearly 10 minutes.  I 'm 20 and have never had children and it was one of the most painful experiences of my entire life.  I usually have very painful period cramps and this still felt much worse.  Finally, they asked if I 'd rather have the Skyla, which is smaller and might accommodate my tiny cervix better.  In comparison, the Skyla insertion was much quicker and less painful.  After the procedure I did throw up once due to the intense pain, but after a few days I experienced little to no side effects.  I do recommend taking the day off of work though.
I 'm 18 going to be 19 soon. I had really heavy periods for 8 days straight and my period would come a week early. It was regular just less than a month until each one and I also had really bad cramps to the point where I couldn 't move. The pill was my first option and it made me bleed for 3 months straight. A while later I was considering birth control and I finally chose the Depo-Provera, it was the perfect choice for me. Once I got the shot I never got a period/any bleeding again. I personally didn 't gain any weight. All the side effects didn 't bother me. And works well against pregnancy. I 've saw a lot of bad reviews but mine was perfect so everyone 's body is different. I would recommend talking to your doctor. He/she will know what 's best.
I 've been on Topamax for about 2 months now. I 've went to having a migraine or headache of some sort everyday to 2 migraines in the past 2 months. The only thing I dont like about the medication is the severe tingling in my hands, feet, fingers, and lips.
Tried pill form birth control for a few years before getting off of it because it caused some strange mood swings/anxieties. Felt better off birth control for 1 full year but decided to try Mirena because I was getting my period after like 10 days from stress/etc. I took 4 Advil the morning of and the procedure was a bit uncomfortable but it kind of reminded me of getting an ear piercing ... it 's painful but it 's not like the worst type of pain ever. I  just did a lot of deep breathing through it. Had cramping for a few days but just keep the Advil pumping! Discharge in the beginning, but pretty much smooth sailing now 2 months later. It 's great!
This is the first prescription eye drops that has worked wonders for my severe dry eyes.  Nothing else has worked but Fresh Kote has been a wonderful relief and it doesn 't burn when I use it.
Effexor has been the most effective antidepressant for me. I 've tried 5  SSRI 's. Effexor doesn 't make me lazy or spaced out. I feel it helps my cognitive functioning, as well as focus, motivation and memory. I will go off effexor for periods of time, plenty of time for my brain/body to reset, but I keep finding it better to be on Effexor. It 's helped me to not be so negative, irritable and just miserable overall. I can feel its slight pain killing effects as well. It keeps me doing things instead of laying in bed ruminating negative thoughts. Side effects for me are constipation and lower libido. Miralax fixes the first one. As for the second one, before Effexor I wasn 't socializing at all anyways, so the I can handle that side effect.
Works immediately. A little shaky afterwards. Not sure how long it lasts.
The only antibiotic that promptly and consistently resolves my chronic bronchitis.
Prozac took my worries away. That is all I wanted. I wasn 't depressed. I used to wake up at night having bad dreams and worries that went over and over in my head. I couldn 't sleep. After beginning Prozac that all stopped. It did unfortunately give me an &quot;I don 't care&quot; attitude about what other people thought of me. My sister complained about that with me and said i was difficult to talk to. So I stopped taking it (gradually). Now I wake up every night again with terrible anxiety thoughts and dreams (mostly about things that are happening in my life).  I haven 't heard anyone talking about this. Any comments?
I got it insterted April 2015 and it is now October. I haven 't had any crazy side effects at all. My first period was a bit heavy but not bad. My next few were very light. But I suddenly stopped getting a period until now in October and it 's quite normal- not heavy or light. I have always been sensitive but I feel like it might actually be giving me mood swings. Besides that everything is perfectly normal and I don 't see any reason why anyone would not recommend it.
Phillips milk of mag (original, not flavored!) has helped with oil reduction, which has helped with acne. I use it as a mask for 30min and if needed I spot treat and leave it on overnight, its the best I have found to help with my oily skin, my mom however uses it for wrinkles too.
I love them. .5 mg when I 'm shaking (getting over a fear of heights) that I got due to a sickness. Tried all others none worked  &amp; they had bad side affects. Take it at work and drive fine, work fine. Makes me not care about heights, bills, stresses in life, just a very good pill. Just watch out have been caught twice looking at a wall for hours smiling not knowing it was that long just content and happy...
I went into the ER today for severe pain in my shoulder. After an X-ray it was confirmed to be calcific tendonitis. I hadn 't slept in 3 days because of the throbbing of pain. Was given a shot of Toradol and within 30 mins the pain went from a 10  to about a 3. It stung for about 20 min but after that was gone. No side effects at all. Highly recommend for severe pain relief.
I have been taking Aviane for about 3 years now. It is my first and only birth control I have ever taken. It is perfect, except for the side effects I get when I forget to take it. If I forget to take it one day, I have to double up on it the next day and that makes me sick and I throw up. Other than that, its great. No cramps, lighter periods. Highly recommended.
I started taking Suboxone (Bupe/Naloxone) 8mg strips 6 months ago, and now I am down to 4mg. Trust me when I tell you that this drug will save your life if you have an opiate addiction, but you must follow your doc 's orders. I was snorting 5-10 30 mg oxycodone 's (roxi 's) a day, and heroin when desperate. Opiates ruined my life I lost EVERYTHING! Now I am back in college full-time, and got my life back. If you are dealing with opiate addiction do yourself a favor, and make an appointment with a Suboxone doctor, and seek out counseling. This drug works if taken responsibly.
I used veramyst daily for 5 years straight with no side effects due to severe allergies, a few days after I started using it allergies gone... I couldn 't be happier.. Unfortunately my insurance stopped covering the medication which is pricey without and the generic did not help me at all.. so now I 'm back to pills  and still an allergy sufferer .. :(
I have been taking 200mgs of Carbatrol every day for 8 years, due to TN. My TN is the typical type, stabbing facial pain. I don 't know what I would do without this medication. It allows me to live a normal life without any pain and I have no side effects. Sometimes my insurance asks me to use Tegretol because it 's cheaper and has the same main ingredient, but I react horribly to it. I 'm lucky to I have a doctor that is willing to advocate for me. Frankly though, I would pay out of pocket for the Carbatrol before I would use a generic. If you have TN and don 't have a good reaction to Tegretol I would definitely recommend trying Carbatrol.
At the age of 30 I started having severe constipation but have had mild constipation since I was 16.  I was on Zelnorm with some success but find the Amitiza to be working for me with great success, a bowel movement everyday, which was rare for me.  I find I have to maintain a healthy diet, yogurt in the morning(a must), and drink lots of water.  I also take a probiotic pill OTC everyday to help with my extremely sensitive stomach.  Things are in good order now for my stomach and constipation.  The cost of Amitiza without insurance is $200 per month and with insurance I pay $50.  Some minor side effects include immediate need to use the restroom and headaches.  This medicine is successful for me.
I had really bad acne and went to see a Dermatologist in July 2012. After liver function tests I was put on an increasing dose to 60mg. It did wonders and got rid of the really bad areas in 9 months. I have had a few spikes but nothing as bad and take pulse doses of 10mg three times a week.
I have taken this medication for severe pain associated with knee replacement surgery and tolerance build up toward other pain medicine prior to this surgery.  I have severe osteoarthritis in both knees and was taken off my regular arthritis medicines prior to this.  The result was severe pain prior to surgery that was almost untolerable. I didn 't realize how much it was actually helping until I stopped taking it for 3 days. It helps me rest and hopefully that will help me heal as well.
Absolutely fine stuff.  It doesn 't need anything added to it.  I put ice cubes in it and chugged it right down and sipped on it and frankly it was almost good.  Definitely not gag worthy and if crystal light were to be included, it would be disgusting.  It tastes like lemonade.  I really don 't think most people need the second day.  I took it this morning but only half and let 's just say I know what the toilet should look like and it 's practically clear.  BTW  I made turkey broth from scratch and drank that and tea as well as white wine after dinner. (Hey that 's a clear juice drink)  So don 't let people scare you.  A nation of wusses, I say.
Pmdd suffer for 15 years!! I stopped taking my antidepressants for Pmdd and so far this medication,has helped me tremendously all on its own. I advise anyone with depression to try this medication!
Works great already lost 20pounds in 2 weeks.
I switched to Reclipsen three weeks ago from Ortho-Tri-Cyclen, and my skin has cleared up considerably. I haven 't experienced any of the painful cystic acne that I was getting on Ortho Tri-cyclen. I haven 't experienced any negative side effects from it either. Fingers crossed that it stays that way!
If you 're  honest  with yourself  and don 't  go past 100mg and dont stay on for more  than  5 years  it can be a good  idea  it saved  my life
I have been using alprostadil for fifteen years. It will give me an erection in fifteen minutes The 1000 meg dosage will last for 2 to 3hours and the 500 meg for one hour. Both retard and reduce orgasm but leave me feeling &quot; satisfied&quot; It is unfortunate that medical plans severely limit the number of dosages they will pay for. It amounts to big business regulating my sex like. Not a happy scenario.
I just started belvid today I took the pills at 9:30 Am after breakfast.   I started to cough and I feel nauseous exactly after 2 hours. But I 'm excited nothing that I can 't tolerate.  I don 't feel hungry at all at least it is too soon to know. Need to mention that I plan to take one pill a day and in the afternoon I will be taking 2 veggies capsules of Leptiburn.
Never thought I would ever find a seizure medicine that worked.  Keppra XR - THUMBS UP!
I 've been taking Lysteda for over a year and I absolutely love it! I have fibroids and I bleed very heavily (soak a super plus tampon in an hour). With Lysteda my periods are so much better! I take 4 pills per day (morning and night) for two days and the bleeding is decreased by about 60% to 70%. I do get headaches after taking it but it 's worth it.
I have tried everything to ease the pain and discomfort of acid reflux. Then I was introduced to the &quot;purple pill&quot;, Nexium, about three years ago and to my total surprise it worked. So now I 'm a &quot;firm believer&quot; in the product. I 'm very, very satisfied. Thank you Nexium!
I have had seizures from a kick to the head. For 6 years, they started out giving me Valium and it worked great for the prevention of the seizures for about 4 1/2 years. Then it was no longer effective. They had to switch me to Klonopin, another benzodiazepine, but that is working for me now.
Mirena has been greaat for me. We have one child and had my Mirena inserted one and a half years ago.  Insertion was very painful, cramping afterward. Nothing crazy. Not had a period since. Some light spotting once. That was it.  Also lost weight, not as moody, and life is greatly improved. Definitely recommend.
My heart rate was speeding up to the point I could feel my heart pounding in my chest, it was more a problem at night when I would try to go to sleep, heart was pounding and a wave pressure in my ears was keeping me from sleeping, started medicine 3.125 mg twice daily and problem was in good control within one week, I have a blockage left side 30 to 40%, no problems since started medicine, blood pressure is in real good control, I continue EKG every 6 months. 
I 'm am shocked to hear how disappointed everyone is with Botox and I 'm sad too. I completely understand the frustration, embarrassment and all round annoyance of peeing yourself. I started having Botox when I was 33 (I have MS). I had to start catheterising after my 2nd lot of Botox. This was the end of the world to me, 33 and having to use a catheter. Now, I think Botox is a huge benefit to my life and using a catheter is the norm.  Obviously, everyone has different experiences but I love it x
First time colonoscopy. This prep was a walk in the park easy. No cramping, no nausea, no headaches--really none of the stuff people I have read complain about. The effect from both doses took about 30 minutes, and the resulting bathroom trips about 2 hours each time.
This medication is amazing! For the past year I have been feeling nauseated and sick, so my doctor prescribed me promethazine it takes about 15 - 20 minutes and I feel a lot better. The only thing side effect is the extreme sleepiness I feel afterward. I will go to bed and sleep for hours. Lately I also developed some anxiety to feel nausea and I take half a 25 mg pill of promethazine in advance and usually it works great. I 'm a little tired but I can still function. This medication works amazingly!
My name is Sydney and I 'm 17 junior in high school. I started Vyvnase in Feb. this year. I started out on 30 mg, then went up every ten mg and now im prescribed 60mg.In the first week I was using Vyvanse I noticed a huge difference in everything. I could focus so much more on every thing. Comparing my 1st semester and 2nd semester of high school last year, I had an F and failed one class and had mostly B 's and C 's. My second semester of last school year when I started taking the Vyvanse my grades increased amazingly. Almost all A 's and B 's. Since I suffer from ADD, Vyvanse has made such a great impact on my life.
I have had fibromylgia now for 20 yrs plus lupus and had 7 tumors removed from my body, heart attack at the age of 40 and about died. I was put on Lyrica 5 years ago and I have my life back. I take 100mg twice a day and now I can enjoy my life again.
Lots of hot flashes fatigue and weight gain but the benefit out way the negative of this drug
I was on this pill for about a year in 2013 and my doctor took me off of it because it made me bleed twice a month. However, when I 'm not on birth control I tend to bleed twice a month anyway and my periods are horribly painful and heavy. With this pill at least they were light and only lasted 3 days at most. This is the only pill I 've ever taken that kept my face completely clear the entire time. I just switched back after a month in Sprintec, which was causing nodules on my face that scabbed over and made me look like a meth addict. All bc causes side effects, unfortunately. You just have to pick which ones you can live with.
I am having insomnia for ages, sometimes it gets better sometimes worse, depends on how much I am stressed. The subsequent things in my behaviour happen based on how long the insomnia period lasts. I had a very bad period last year-depression with insomnia sleeping for 3-4 hours a night for a couple of months. I almost lost my job because I was not able to focus on anything during the day, just blankly looking at the monitor not understanding what I read. I was put on quetiapine for insomnia, 25mg before going to bed (+valdoxan) and it worked immediately also my colleagues noticed how my behaviour changed. I loved it. When I was back to normal I quit with quetiapine, was sleeping less for 2 weeks and then I was fine.
I smoked for 43 years, I got up to a pack and a half to two packs a day. I started taking Chantix December 18th, 2015, my quit date was December 26th.. I took about three draws off of a cigarette about a week after my quit day and it taste horrible and made me sick. The only side effect that I had was agitation, I only was agitated when driving and with one co-worker. I stopped taking Chantix after 30 days due to the agitation. I haven 't smoked in 22 days, I continue to get the urge to smoke, but it passes after a few minutes. GREATFUL....
I started taking Phentermine on 7/18/15 and today 9/17/15 I am down 30 lbs.  From 296 to 266!  I am doing it in conjunction with My Fitness Pal.  This way I know how many calories I intake.  Walking a bit but no major exercise program yet.  The only side effect is the dry mouth so I keep mints around to help and drink something.  I really recommend you track your food intake....that 's the only way you are going to be able to know you are eating the right amount.  It 's so easy on your smartphone too!
I have depression and anxiety, lately more depression, from being 40, with kids, uncomfortable marriage.  Lexapro has suppressed things but I had become unemotional. On 50mg for a week now of Zoloft and the difference is incredible! I have reasonable emotions, and more energy to want to do the things I planned on but didn 't do before. Sleeping is off and on a problem, has always been, but dreams are waking me up for being so vivid.  Appetite is down, I 'm glad. I had been steadily gaining weight because I didn 't want to do anything, but now stomach is bad and I 'm scared to go anywhere.  Hoping that will go away.  Can 't say much about sex, not having any.
Suffered quite bad anxiety for a number of years but tried every herbal remedy, acupuncture etc as I didn 't want to go on meds. After the initial common side effects that lasted a few weeks I began to notice subtle changes. After a few months I feel great and wish I 'd done it sooner. I spent a long time being like a bag of nerves doing the most everyday task ie grocery shop, work etc I 'd have palpitations, shakes, fight or flight feeling along with constant I.b.s. I get a very odd &quot;off&quot; day which isn 't nowhere as near as bad as before the mess, overall I feel the best I have done in years. I can now do normal things without thinking I 'm going to have a panic attack, socialising more, don 't get ill so frequently and generally more energy.
Worked wonders for my poison ivy rash. Quick relief and healing when all others failed
I am a 46 yr old female and have taken Adderall XR 10 mg for over a year now.  Adderall has helped me tremendously.  Before starting it, could barely get out of bed.  Had no interest in anything, not even living.  Couldn 't focus; nearly a zombie.  As long as I take it I 'm a happy functional person.  Some issues with insomnia but nothing unmanageable. Don 't take it on my days off to avoid building a tolerance.  However, have become totally dependent on this medicine.  Recently tried to stop taking it.  Second day without it, I was useless, and by third day, I was like a zombie. 
for a long time I 've struggled with OCD, trichotillomania, depression, anxiety, and adhd. now I take vyvance for adhd but for the rest I take Zoloft and I take 150mg everyday. btw I 'm a 15 year old female. it 's really helped with the anxiety and depression and my trichotillomania has gotten better with the use of the drug lamictal at night which is a mood stabilizer(50mg)
I have been taking for 16 months.  I was having low-mid level anxiety, loss of appetite and insomnia.  Remeron cured the insomnia and appetite immediately.  Anxiety was much less within a couple of weeks and gone within a month or so.  Constipation occurred for about a week and then went away.  I have gained weight over the last year but am changing my diet to be more healthy (no white sugar or white flour, etc.) so that I am losing some weight now.
I 've been on Chateal for two years. I was very nervous to start birth control but I 'm glad they started me on this one. I got it from my local PP. The things I noticed: I have very thick hair and I feel like my hair has thinned out since starting it. My boobs felt slightly bigger/more sensitive after starting it. It also causes my appetite to fluctuate a lot. I actually lost weight on this in the first year, to the point where I was underweight, and recently I have gained some back. Chateal has been awesome. I switched insurance half way through and both cover it. Everyone is different but this one has worked well for me. No pregnancy!
I practically had to beg my local physician to put me on this medication.  Oddly enough, he had never heard of it and had never prescribed it.  I was 160 pounds, 5 '5&quot;, with high blood pressure.  The high blood pressure qualified me as a candidate for Qysmia, since I was not obese.  The cost of the medication is not cheap, and is not covered by insurance.  The first few days on the introductory dose I gained about a pound and was so sleepy I thought I had been given sleeping pills. But, then, I seemed to hit some kind of stride, because the weight started dropping at the rate of a pound a day. I can 't look at bread without getting the urge to vomit. Anything with sugar tastes like metal.  In the morning, I drink a big cup of coffee.
On the 10 day of 30 mg.  I woke to a miracle .  No chronic pain in my whole entire body for the first time in years.  For years I suffered hour after hour with  4 and 5 in my back. Body pain so bad I was on Norco for years.  Nothing has been more effective to my pain and depression as this medicine.  I hope more physicians prescribe this medicine for these reasons.  I have my life back.
Was put on this after 5 days of no sleep with anxiety. It took week or two to kick in but has saved me.  I am much more level and less anxious, no sleepless nights although I do take phenergan (antihistamine )to help with that
The first time I took Restoril was the longest I 've slept in over 20 years. I truly cannot remember ever sleeping 7 hours at one time. I have been taking Restoril for over 3 years now and I can usually count on 5 hours of sleep. The only side effects that I have noticed are forgetfulness and sometimes balance.
I got my IUD inserted 9/13/17 so yesterday:) and my overall experience was not too bad! Expect that when they insert there will be an overwhelming burning , bad cramp that lasts really over 15/30 seconds, my doctor was amazing and made my entire insertion experience within under 10 mins, just know, the medicine they prescribe you to take the night before WILL cause cramping, I didn 't even think of it so I went to bed all peaceful and woke up sweating to very bad cramps, and then the the day you get it expect bad cramps for a couple hours and it 'll go away, and then the all today I didn 't experience any cramping what so ever and then surprise! Spotting = period on the right time, cramps are back! It 's very exhausting but no babies for me!
Great drug. Really works well.
Lexapro has changed my life! I no longer have anxiety attacks, and I have control over my emotions. I wish I had started taking it years ago!
No more daily ups and downs.  My pain is covered for a week at a time with minimal cognitive deficits.  It may not make all of the pain go away, but it definitely changed my life.  
My 12 year old daughter has suffered from acne for two years. She was on Doxy and proactive and it worked great and then we took her off it and her acne came back so we started her on Solodyn and Proactive and it seems to work great. We tried just proactive without the antibiotics and it helps a little but adding the antibiotic makes a huge difference. It has been two weeks since she started and her acne has improved at least 50%, maybe even 70%.  Also the proactive sulfur mask they have works great.  She puts a thin layer on her face at night and sleeps with it on and I see a huge improvement by the morning.
I have used Qysmia since January along with a low carb diet, and as of today I have lost 44 pounds.  The medicines assist with keeping me from being hungry, and craving foods that I would generally binge on like sweets. I really am pleased with this medication.  The only side effects I have incurred are some constipation, which I always had issues with. I use Miralax to aid with that. I only have a few more pounds to lose to reach my goal, but the medicine has really been a help.
expensive
I developed a muscle spasm in my neck while taking Lamictal. Eventually the spasm did not go away---it turned into an incredibly painful condition Dystonia. The spasm has displaced my jaw and disabled me from being able to work. After developing problems with Flexeril and Cogentin, I was switched to Tizanidine. What a wonderful difference. Though the spasm or pain never stops, it reduced my involuntary movements to the point where they are not obvious, and the pain is also reduced. No bad side effect besides tiredness.
This med is flat out dangerous..I 'm prescribed Xanax 1mg three times daily. DO NOT MIX THESE TWO..I was on both carisoprodol and Xanax and I had not 1 but 2 overdoses accidentally - not on purpose. I literally was airlifted to two different hospitals within a month and a half. This is a great medication for its intended purpose however it is extremely addicting. It should be labeled schedule 2 in my opinion as to the danger this medication holds when taken with another CNS..I also suffer from panic disorder and anxiety.
Week four on Brintellix, 10mg to start...upped to 20mg for 3 weeks now no side effects as of yet. I 'm feeling better every day it seems. I feel happy again, less agitation, more energy and motivation. My personal relationships, which were quickly deteriorating are seeming to return to normal! My only wish is that I 'd found this medication much sooner. Best wishes to anyone else with this medication! (My insurance is needing a pre-authorization to cover this medication...just a note for others.)
I started having trouble getting and maintaining an election so asked my doctor about the problem. He prescribed Viagra and it works great. One hour after taking 50MG I get a beautiful erection, sensitivity is good, climax is wonderful. My wife loves it and climaxes every time,  sometimes twice.Side effects can be a flushed skin about an hour in and sometimes a bit of a headache (not severe, but there). Two asprin fix things.  Wonderful product. Happy wife, happy life!
Methadone is a miracle drug...I would be dead without it! Because of methadone, I got my life back.  I got a great career now, I wake up every morning looking forward to life and now I actually have money, a good amount of it....and it feels great!  No more living day-to-day, not being able to sleep at night because I 'm worried on how I 'm going to get my next fix for the upcoming day....all of that is gone and it feels great!  Methadone gave me my life back and it gave their daughter back to my parents.
Topamax is amazing. I originally took it 6 years ago to prevent migraines and lost 80 lbs as a bonus. At that time my doctor and I speculated that it would some day be approved for weight loss because I was not his only patient to report changes in the taste of carbonated beverages and chocolate while taking the medication. I also noticed that I did not dream about food while taking the medication, but within 3 months of changing medications food reentered my dream content. I am now back on the medication to address chronic pain issues and have already found the same results in weight loss, taste changes, and dream content.
I am a 48 year old woman and for the past couple of years I either never went to sleep or only slept a couple of hours each night. I am not a person who likes to take medication but found myself desperate because lack of sleep was interfering with the quality of my life. I am a teacher and mother so being sleep deprived was hard. I tried melatonin with little luck. A Dr. prescribed Ambien but I felt so groggy the next morning. Finally, a Dr. prescribed Klonopin 0.5 mg and even though I was reluctant, I was desperate and tried it. It worked the first night. I am able to get up in the middle of the night with my children if I need to. I awake feeling refreshed. It has changed my life. I do worry about long term use but will continue for now.
I have been taking Nucynta as needed for chronic back pain caused by a congenital disorder for almost 4 months now, and it is a life saver.  Pain control is much better than anything over the counter, Tylenol with codeine, and Vicodin, with none of the awful side effects I get with those pain medicines.  I have been taking it on and off as needed, and I have not developed any dependence.  The effects are greatly improved by taking Cymbalta as well.  Great medicine for me.
I have been taking this for less than a week and it has already given me favourable results. I would recommend this to anyone.
I 've been on 4 different birth control pills in the past 2 years and LoSeasonique has given me the best experience. I have a pretty bad case of endometriosis. I 've been on LoSeasonique for almost 5 months now and my first period was a breeze. I had cramps for only one day (usually 3-5) during my period, which only lasted 4 days. My only concern is that when I first started LoSeasonique I started getting awful migraines everyday from the minute I woke up to the minute I went to bed. Luckily after about 3 weeks these went away. I get spotting every so often but nothing that 's unmanageable. I also noticed that my bloating has almost completely gone down.
This is the best treatment for the tinea versicolor
Ambien is awesome. Take it and wait 15 minutes. Sleep and thats all. It 's great. If you can afford it Ambien CR is a lot better.
I 've been taking low dose .5mg xanax for a few years for social anxiety and occasional panic attacks. It 's excellent. I take it as needed, which I like, it lets me feel more in control. I rarely take a full dose. It 's very effective even in a lower dose. It just lets me keep anxiety under control so I can function well. I never notice any major fogginess or anything with it either unlike other benzos I 've taken like ativan. Just in moderation. A little goes a long way. Absolutely great medication for anxiety and occasional severe panic attacks. It has completely helped me build my confidence up and get my life back!
I started taking this medication about four years ago, stopped maybe two or three years ago. Great success, my acne vanished and I have only had acne one time since, when I accidentally used moisturizer on my face. Only side effect I had was dry skin (mostly just chapped lips), which is to be expected, but it is pretty much back to normal now.
This is practically a miracle product. I 've been getting cold sores since I was about 2 years old. My whole life, whenever I would get a cold sore, it would be a 10 day ordeal. They were embarrassing and painful. Now, the second I know that there is a cold sore coming I take the medication and the sore will stop in its tracks and scab up 24 hours later. It is the best thing for any cold sore sufferer. Don 't bother with Abreva or any of those ointments at the Pharmacy.
 I am fully aware that every body reacts differently to the same medication so take any birth control review with a grain of salt. I am currently on my third pack and it has been better than expected. It was my first brand of birth control that I had ever used, and I was very nervous. I tried to do plenty of research to find the best option, and I am very glad I selected this one. Here 's a brief run down of what happened to me. Back acne went away, face acne still remains but was not worsened, moody for the first pack and now I 'm back to my regular self, period became incredibly light about two-three days of light bleeding, and most importantly - I 'm not pregnant!
Pristiq has given me energy, stopped my crying, and for the first time in my life I can say out loud that I don 't hate myself. Although I am extremely sensitive to medications and usually suffer all the worst side effects, I have had no negative effects from this medication other than gaining about 5 pounds over a two month period.
I was diagnosed with RA over 15 years ago. At my worst I sat on the couch with my pain pills in one hand, and the TV remote in the other. I was unable to stand or walk without assistance. I was approved as a patient for the clinical trials for Actemra, and for me this was a life changer, a total reversal of what my life had become. I finished raising my two sons, work full time, and even earned my degree in the last ten years since taking Actemra. While I still have some flares a times, my overall life has improved 100%. My SED rate dropped from 130 's to under 5, the only thing I still struggle with is the insomnia and fatigue. I have been truly lucky as I have not experienced any side affects in the 10 years I have been on Actemra.
I had smoked since I was a teenager, at about a pack a day when I finally said enough is enough.  I used Chantix which was prescribed by my MD and that was Labor Day 2012.  I had little to no side effects, may have had a weird dream, but hardly considered a night terror.  I am 50 years old and I am thankful every day now to refer to myself as a &quot;non-smoker&quot;.  Have had no desire whatsoever since then to ever consider smoking again... If you are on the fence and really want to stop for you, your health and to free yourself from the prison of smoking, all I can say is that it worked for me and thankful for my smoke free car, home, life....
I wish I 'd read these reviews before taking this foul-tasting stuff. I would have chilled it first, then used a straw to drink it. By far, the worst part of the prep is taking the Suprep. The taste is horrible. My nurse told me to mix the doses with white grape juice. I did for the first one, thinking the grape juice would drown the taste, but that made it taste worse. I used water for the second dose and ended up throwing up about a third of it. From the reviews, it looks like that won 't be a problem. I see some people didn 't do a complete fast the day before, so I 'm going to look into why a fast is recommended in case I have to have this test again. All in all, though, the med does what it says it 'll do &mdash; clean out your colon.
Immediate relief for UTI. About 10 years experience with Cipro.
I 'm 19 years old and had been struggling with depression since I was a kid. I was against antidepressants all my life until I went off on my freshman year of college out of state and found it impossible to control my emotions. I became suicidal, and was thinking about trying illegal drugs. Finally I told the school counselor that I needed help. She diagnosed me with mild depression and prescribed 20mg every day. I 've been on it for a bit over a month and my life has changed. My emotions are reasonable and under control, I 'm much more agreeable, energetic and optimistic. Side effects from the first two weeks were: dry mouth, excessive yawning, insomnia, and a bit of anxiety/hyperactivity. Still have decreased sex drive though.
Herniated disc in lower back, Could barely stand. I went to my Dr, he prescribed this, and I felt amazing after the first dose. I felt great the first day, I 'm on day two now, feel a little tired...but sleep is great with no pain. Hope it lasts.
I am 56 years old who with severe chronic nerve pain in my neck from herniation at C6-C7 and C4-C5. I opted no surgery and I have had zero quality of life and on bed rest for 4 years.  Started PT with pain meds neurotin 600mg and I was slowly able to function in a brain fog but free from strong narcotics. Went to amitriptyline 40mg at night slept great but next day brain fog with memory lapses and always tired. Now on 10mg nortriptyline I take in the morning Because it affects me like a stimulate and hard to sleep at night but been on for a week. I have constipation but I take fiber in water helps. I love been alert with a clear head! So far no pain on 10mg so I won 't increase unless I have pain.  A very livable dose.
Xeljanz has made a hugh improvement in my ability to function. Early meds like methotrexate and steroids only had bad side effects. Costs made Remicade no longer affordable. Enbrel and other injectables did nothing. In the year I have used Xeljanz. I can use my hands much better. My psoriasis is gone. I still know when the weather is changing. I no longer suffer like I did.
After moving into a new home, secretly harboring mold, my asthma became uncontrollable. I was using several inhalers, prednisone, allergy medicines, nebulizers, etc. I gained 20 pounds because I was unable to function and do anything.My doctor (my angel) did allergy testing and started me on Xolair and allergy shots. Within 3 weeks I was down to using only Advair and occasionally Proventil. It really is an amazing drug, and it has been my saving grace. I can play with my kids, run, ride bikes, hike, etc. I have been on Xolair now for almost 6 months. I take the maximum dose of 3(150) injections every other week, with 3 allergy shots weekly. I feel amazing! I even walk a mile each way to the doctor to get my shots! I highly recommend it!
I was on the Fetanyl Patches 100 mg every 2 days.  then my doc put me on opana 40, 3 times a day and I think they work just as good if not better. It didn 't give me the anxiety or weird feelings I get off certain pain pills.
Because of all of the bad reviews I was scared to death. In two weeks, I have lost almost 10 pounds. I have been very careful not to eat greasy foods, but have found that if I do eat something I feel badly for only  a bit. My sugar count daily was never under 180 always between 230 and 300. I was disgusted even to take it. No matter if I ate salads or a cheeseburger it was high. I woke up this morning and my count was 120. I feel good but I am a little sleepy. Taking the shot is so easy, last time I had to check and make sure there was a puncture mark because I didn 't feel the needle. I am, so far on the lowest dosage but this Saturday I take the higher dose.Very happy so far. I 'll let you know with the higher dose how things go.
I have Hashimotos and had my thyroid removed in 2002. I have had problems ever since with weight. I also suffer from Migraines with up to 12 a month. My weight before my thyroidectomy averaged 145-150. I have been up and down with every diet out there. Finally reaching 196 lbs on 5/1/2014. I researched Qsymia. And marched into my Doctor on 5/3/2014 and begged him to prescribe it. He reluctantly did. As of 5/29/2014 I have had only one migraine (Topamax one of the ingredients is used for migraines) and now weigh 180 lbs.
I was recently diagnosed with Hypogonadism, so Axiron is the first replacement medicine I have used.  I find it easy to use, and I don 't think it has a bad odor. I can barely smell it. I just find that you need to give yourself about one minute per application. You have to move the applicator very slowly so it has time to spread and be absorbed. If you try and rush it, the watery consistency of the product will run down your body. Give yourself about three minutes for it to dry, and then get dressed.
Tried many drugs over the past 20 years.  This is the best yet.  No strange feelings in the head,no twitching muscles or fog.  Some stomach discomfort which was solved by splitting the l0 milligram tablet in two and taking morning and afternoon.  The quality of my life has improved beautifully, and I am so grateful for it.
20 year old female, have been using this for more than 12 months.The first few weeks my face was slightly red and irritated so I added oil free moisturizer before applying. I also experienced an initial breakout but after a little over 2 months my face started to clear up. Now I 'm 100% clear and it 's  helping me get rid of scars and red marks. Patience is really the key with this treatment.
Been using for 10 years and has always kept my Rosacea at bay.  It stings during the first week of use but definitely worth enduring that discomfort, the results are amazing! A tube now last me almost a year as it only takes a tiny bit of cream to maintain clear skin.
It has worked wonders for my daughter but for those talking about the pricey copay I don 't have insurance and it cost me $334.00 for a 5 ml bottle.  Now that is what I call pricey.
I  have been using the Implanon for the past 9 years. I had my first one inserted in 2005, I have not had any huge issues with the Implanon and it has worked tremendously ~ still child free. Some small issues that I have found over the past 9 years is that I will very rarely have my period but when I do it is extremely heavy and can last for upto 1-2 months. I am due to take my 3rd Implanon this month but I am unsure if using another one will lower my chances of conceiving a child when I am ready. Hopefully I will be having a fourth Implanon inserted.
Had sex for the first time with a friend of mine who pretty much begged me to do it. Wound up doing it with them about 3 times altogether. Next day or two I felt this moisture in my underwear from my Penis and it just kept happening throughout the day but had no color at all. Peeing burned like hell and then I went to the dr and they said chlamydia. Almost shit myself. I have sex with 1 person for the first time and they give me chlamydia -_-. Dr gave me 4 white pills and at shot in my ass. The pills were the most painful things I 've ever dealt with. 5 hours of stomach cramping and not being able to move. Had to go to the toilet too and let me tell you...bombs over Baghdad lol. But it 's just clearing up as I 'm typing this.
Today is my 4th day on the 4-week titration. I 'm starting the 25mg today. The first 2-days I felt a burning in the back of my throat. By the third day it was considerably less. On the the second day (12.5mg) I already began to feel the benefits of the medications. The pain had subsided and my energy was back! The extreme burning sensation in my upper back was gone. I 'm hopeful that this medication will help me return to work. I still have the pain in my hands. The only con is the excessive sweating primarily in the evening. I 'm hoping this will subside. On day two my head was drenched but I had energy and my pain level went from an 8 to a 4. I wil continue to update my progress.
*UPDATE* I have now been on Saxenda since Feb 19th and on March the 9th, I had lost a total of 12 lbs in 19 days!!! Now March the 13th Day (23 days on Saxenda) I am still at the 12 lbs weight loss.. but I am sure by Friday I will have lost at least 5 more lbs , I ate the most today that I have eaten since I started and that is 1116 calories and 95 carbs. This is still very good, I was just more hungry today than usual, I believe I will up my dose to 2.4 tonight, I have been rotating between 1.4 and 1.8. Look forward to giving more updates soon!! Also if your insurance does not cover it, you can go to the Saxenda web site and get a coupon, even if your insurance covers it, this coupon savings card will have you pay only 25$ a prescription!
Pain problems started around 2005. Waking up one night with excruciating pain, crawling on the floor to get around in morning. It got better through out the day, but it reset over night. I dealt with this my last year in high school and a few years through college till I could finally afford some insurance and see a doctor. Turns out I had a really huge herniated disc in my L-6/L-7. Scared to get a surgery, since so &quot;young&quot; they 'd only prescribed low dose pain killers. Desperate I got surgery. Life was great since, however, I 'd suffered some nerve damage. Now take the 7,5 Vicoprofen for chronic headaches due to nerve damage, and it 's amazingly quick to work and slow for tolerance, though it 's inevitable. I now take 2 every 4-6 hour.
Vantin worked the best for me with sinusitis, where as the &quot;z-pack&quot; did not relieve me at all.
I have chronic rib pain from nerve damage, without this I would not be able to work.  It has literally saved my life
I took this to help with my insomnia. I work different hours at the hospital and I haven 't been able to overcome the Insomnia on my days off. Silenor has helped me so far, I hope that it stays that way.
I found out I have a pre-cancer which is damaging my nerves. I 'm 37. I could barely walk do to pain in my legs. Mostly hips and knees. I also have intense shooting pains in my legs, wrists and sometimes back. I was having to take Vicodin. The Dr started me on 300mg 1/day and to increase by 300 mg every week for the next 3 weeks. When I first took it I got extremely ill with severe nausea, vertigo, dizziness. I stuck it out and every time I went up on the dose it would take 3 days to feel better. It paid off. It gave me a lot of life back. I stopped limping, I stopped having shooting pains. My numb areas got smaller. As a plus, I have dealt with migraines for 25 yrs and they 're better. Also off Vicodin! Give it a month to really feel better!
This stuff saved me and I can 't thank my dermatologist enough! I developed severe acne from hormonal problems at around 18 and I was prescribed epiduo and it cleared up in 3 months, nothing else worked. I used every face wash and hard core acne treatment on the market and NOTHING worked. Epiduo really really works.
To all of those girls (I 'm 20 but I 'm confident it will work for women of other ages) who think they will never have a clear face and will forever be burdened with horrible pimples, burning acne creams, pills, scrubs etc. THIS birth control is for you! I have never done a review of anything but felt the need to let all the girls out there with bad acne that there IS help. I was on it for a month and then immediately saw results. My awful, deep, painful pimples started disappearing and within 2 months I had a perfectly clear face- no acne at all. I do have some red spots from past pimples and once in a while when I 'm stressed I 'll get a pimple or two but Tri Sprintec is my SAVIOR. I tried EVERYTHING for my acne and this worked.
Good
Within 10-15 min pain is gone. I suffer from chronic headaches/migraines my whole life.......it 's my life saver. It 's my best friend
I promised I would write a review if Plan B worked for me. My boyfriend and I had sex and the condom broke and he finished inside me. I was supposed to ovulate that day or the next day. I cried everyday for those 2 weeks. Not eating and was so depressed because I am only 18. I wasn 't on any form of birth control. But finally 2 weeks later I got my period. This pill works. I promise don 't worry. Just make sure you take it before 12 hours. I didn 't have an side effects except for being for anxious all the time and shaking. I also was very tired the first 48 hours. Don 't stress!!
Wonderful medicine! I 've had only hints of minor side effects a little morning gas; a few minutes of minor nausea just after drinking it before bed. So glad my gastrointestinal doctor suggested it; so sorry it took 19 months after gall bladder surgery to ask him for something. Out of work but couldn 't leave the house on time for job interviews (or doctor 's appointments). Not a good first impression. Medicine worked the very first morning and has continued to work. What a relief!
After a casual conference with the people arguing in my head, we decided to give Latuda a try.  My first 20mg pill went down my esophagus without any problems whatsoever.  I have high hopes for this drug therapy.  Blessed Be.
I 've never used any contraceptive before but when my doctor told me I just needed to change the patch once a week I knew it was the patch for me. I LOVE the side effects! My breast increased in size, my butt did too, my weight is stable and my sex drive is amazing! Some breakouts here and there but not that bad.
I started looking into Implanon several years ago and was very nervous about all the negative reviews I found. However, I kept up with the reviews and had a long discussion with a doctor about it and finally decided to get it. I have had Implanon not for 6 months and I have never loved a birth control so much! I used to be very worried about forgetting to take my birth control pill, and every time my boyfriend and I had sex it would be on my mind. Now, I don 't even have to think about it and it is a weight off my mind. The only side effect I have experienced is a slight decrease in my sex drive and slight decrease in lubrication when we do have sex. But overall, it has been completely worth it.
Minocycline worked from day one for me. I had used a low dose for about 5 years and then stopped using it. I was clear for awhile but need to get back on it to have the quality of life I had while using it, I felt a little weird the first week I used it, but that feeling eventually went away. I tried every topical medication, but none seemed to work.
Having both Post traumatic stress disorder and chronic severe back pain due to 2 unsuccessful back surgeries, I was the perfect candidate for anesthesia using ketamine for my last 3 surgeries. For both the PTSD and chronic back pain, symptomolgy has been reduced  by at least 75%. I could not be happier! Finally and again!
Wellbutrin made me a bit dizzy when I first began to take it, but on the long term it helped me quite a lot with my motivational problems and depression. I am on a 300mg dose.
Imitrex is truly a miracle for me. It has given me my life back!
I began taking this 2 weeks ago, August 2016. I 'm 36 years old, when I started the medication I weighed 244. and I am 5 ' 4&quot;. So far I have lost 8 pounds. I don 't have desire for sweets and I feel it has helped a lot with my anxiety issues, on my end, I 'm doing my best to eat healthier and walk 4-5 days a week / 40mins. I don 't feel the need to go with huge portions and snacking all the time.  Until today I have only felt slightly dizzy before lunch but no other side effects.  I still have a lot more weight to lose so I highly recommend this medication, but remember is not a miracle pill, it won 't work by itself .. I will keep you posted on my adventure. Good luck!!
Worked great and very fast. No side effects experienced.
Two years ago I began having symptoms of H Pylori.  The first episode lasted about 20 minutes.  It was a terrible pain in my upper abdomen. The pain was more intense than gas pain, but I wrote it off as such.  After that, every 3 months or so I would be woken up by the same terrible pain and I always knew I wasn 't getting sleep that night as it would last 4-6 hours and I could not get comfortable.  I had one of those night episodes, but the pain wouldn 't go away.  It wasn 't constantly the same degree of pain, some times it would be a churning pain, a bloated pain, or a general soreness.  After a week,  went to the doctor and was tested positive for H Pylori.  There was a huge difference/day 3 and the pain was just about gone/day 4.  Amazing
I have always had anxiety however about 7 months ago I began to have panic attacks walking to the shops by myself walking to work, I thought I was going to pass out it was awful. Then one day I just couldn 't walk to work, I got half way then I was convinced I was going to faint so walked home. I then realized how out of control my anxiety had become my partner went with me the doctor prescribed me 20mg tablets (once a day). The first 2 weeks my anxiety was definitely heightened it felt like I was losing the plot. However within a month I found myself walking to the shops and work feeling fine. I haven 't had a panic attack for over 2 months, I wish I had started this medication sooner I now feel normal again.
Pros-I don 't have to think about birth control anymore. Periods are much lighter and much less painful. Fewer yeast infections. Less severe PMS symptoms. Cons-near constant spotting. Can 't use a blood pressure cuff on the arm that has the implant.
Used for two months now, Lunesta has been more effective than Ambien curbing early morning awakening.  The taste in the mouth is tolerable. 
I started takining this medication about a week ago, AMAZING! My Dr prescribed for the pain shooting down arm and hand from cervical and thoracic issues. I was writhing in pain at night so much so I could barely walk. After just 1 dose total difference, I take just 75mg before bed, I do notice a feeling of doppiness upon waking but it is usually gone a couple hours later, unless I take Tylenol Motrin . One of the side effects I have had is the swollen eyes and crusted eyes. I am very tired and need a nap, I Find the pill seems to work for about 20hrs for nerve pain and the it starts screaming back.
I was put on Levaquin due to a nasty kidney infection that was found (finally) after I went to the ER because of severe seizures. I have epilepsy, Pallindromic arthritis, and Lupus. After reading this information. My husband picked up the script for me and he was told that these needed to be taken at the same time. Now I am bothered because the side effects of this drug are very much like what I live with daily (joint pain, rashes, seizures, insomnia, etc). I am wondering if this drug is really a good fit for me? But my kidney is GRATEFUL.
Bone Spur with Osteoarthritis and severe pain in my left knee before I began the 3 injections. Received the last of the the 3 today. I am amazed at this treatment. I am noticing a difference and it is huge. I went from using a cane to walking on my own, pain free.
I 've been taking it for 2 weeks exactly, fist week I lost 10 lbs. and the second week a little over 2 lbs. I have been eating under 1,000 calories and exercising daily. Starting weight was 164- today I 'm 152. My goal was to lose 20 lbs. by December 31st, I only have 8 lbs. to go and it 's only Oct. 31st. So far, very happy with the results! One day, I did go up 1 1/2 lbs. but lost it the next... The only downside, EXTREME dry mouth... yuck! White tongue and constant cotton mouth. However, it has COMPLETELY taking away my sugar cravings!
I recently used it and posted my comments which are favourable, but I though you might be interested in what can only be termed as side effect.  My finger nails nails are really growing fast, for some reason, my little finger nails usually split and my thumb nails usually split at the base, but there has been no sign of splitting and are growing really well -  I have even cut them some thing I have never done in my life at 72 year old,
I have been on this pill for about 8 months now, and I go on here and read these reviews and wonder where people are getting this from. I understand everyone 's body is different, and reacts differently to different pills. For me, this pill cleared almost all my acne, I haven 't gained weight, my super painful cramps have almost vanished, my flow isn 't as heavy, the only real bad side effect I have noticed is the mood swings, but even those are not that bad. It 's a great pill.
Latest update.  After 13 months on Genvoya (my first and only HIV med so far), my latest blood test showed the virus still undetectable (&lt;20), which is great.  So this medicine is still doing it 's thing as advertised.  No complaints there.  However, my CD4 T-cell count has already plateaued.  I went from 471 in March to 478 in September.  I try not to get too jazzed about one test result, but this was a big disappointment for me.  I was hoping to be right down the middle of the Genvoya-patient bell curve, with my CD4 count still gaining about 10 cells per month after six months on the drug.  But this does not appear to be the case for me.   That is not a fault of Genvoya, as far as I can tell.  I just happen not to be a strong responder.
I am 72 years old. I tried Viagra, it worked but to many side effects, I tried Cialis and it really never worked for me, but it also caused severe delayed back pain which lasted a couple of days each time I used it. I have been using Stendra 100mg for a little more than a year  and it works for me with out any side effects. On some days I am able to get a second erection several hours later.
Diagnosed with Fibromyalgia several months ago, probably have had the symptoms for more than a year.  Cymbalta made me a zombie, Pristiq has been an answer to prayer.  I am pretty much pain free, unless I exert myself or sometimes just have a bad day.  But, the good days far outweigh the bad.  Still nap occasionally, still have insomnia occasionally, but am totally happy with the way I feel.
I am 26 and have adult onset acne. I 've always had completely clear skin until about 3 years ago. It is moderate in severity, mainly on my cheeks and chin. Makeup covers it up ok usually but it 's definitely there underneath. 5 days ago I started on 100mg doxycycline once a day, and putting topical differin gel on at night. In that short time I am amazed that my acne/discoloration has decreased by about 30%. I already see a significant marked change, as no new pimples have formed since starting it, and my existing ones are drying up and shrinking. The darker spots from previous ones healing has lightened. I 'm very excited to go back in 6 weeks hopefully with a make-up free face. No side effects from the meds that I 've noticed whatsoever.
This medication worked wonders for my shoulder muscle spasms. However it did make my hands break out.
I have been diagnosed with Bipolar 1 Severe Mania episodes for many years and PTSD.  I am on Lamictal, 200mg, Topamax 100mg, and Abilify 30mg.  This is a wonderful combination and the first time in my life that a combination works with little to no side effects.  I have a significant immediate family history of suicide and although the thoughts are always there I don 't act on them and can ignore them with the help of this medication combo and my severe manic episodes are from 8 to 9 severe episodes a year down to 3 to 4 which for me is almost &quot;normal&quot;. With a little more tweaking of this combination I may be able to get it down a little lower than that, we are working on it.  I 've been on this combination and changing the dosing for about 2 years now.
The only product that clears my sinus... Better than any doctor prescribed medication I have tried. Absolutely the best over the counter product on the market!
Had back surgery in May 2009, and due to scar tissue have chronic pain.  Working now with a pain management specialist and taking Lortab.  It does help alleviate the pain, but only take when I have to.  Only side effect for me is a little sleepiness.
Been on Safyral for 6 weeks. I have no complaints. I 've never been on birth control but had to go on it due to bleeding for 2 months straight really heavily. My bleeding stopped, I 've not had any mood changes, weight gain, acne, or anything. It 's regulated my periods and now I 'm back to normal. It 's been a great first experience with birth control.
A very good medicine that works for my knee pain, sometimes I do have to top it up with Tylenol Arthritis. All in all I recommend it for osteoarthritis.
I 'm 41 and was diagnosed with Asthma at 12 yo.  For as long as I can remember I had to have my rescue inhaler with me at all times, usually needing it 1-2 times daily.  After about a month of using Breo I already noticed a huge improvement.  As of now, and almost a year of use, I 've only used my inhaler 5-6 times TOTAL.  It 's amazing to feel like I can breathe for the first time in my life!  3 weeks ago I climbed up Mt Fuji in Japan.  Something I never ever thought I would be able to do!
I have multi Blood Clots in both Lungs. I 've been on Warfarin 5mg since Mar 2012, prior to that I had a blood clot in one lung back in 2007 following surgery. My experience has been devastating like a walking Time Boom. I 'm Alive thanks to my Doctors and my meds. My INR ranges 2.0 / 3.2 I now get my Pro-Time check once monthly. However I 'll be on warfarin for the rest of my Life. Just  have to be extra careful on any other meds my Doctor puts me on.
I 've been prescribed everything under the sun for my asthma. Nothing is as effective as Primatine Mist. I only use an inhaler when I need them; usually 2-3 times a week, depending on the season or athletic activity.  One puff of Primatine Mist will last me all day, whereas the other inhalers I 've tried (Proventil, Albuterol, Advair, Azmacort, etc.) haven 't provided as long-lasting effects.  I 'm really upset and disappointed that the Federal Govt is making Primatine Mist unavailable after this year, because it uses a CFC-type spray. I really hope the alternative HFA is as effective as the CFC.  We will be saving the Ozone, but we won 't be able to breathe that CFC-free air!
I have UC and get a colonoscopy every year...the ONLY good thing about this whole procedure is getting 1 to 2mg of versed in the prep area and just before they give me propofol. I think it 's one of the greatest drugs out there, so much euphoria, everything is awesome, calmness, all the anxiety, and any stress you have is gone!!! Wonderful drug, just wish it would last slightly longer. regardless high recommend if your going to get a out patient surgery or in my case a colonoscopy
I 've been on this medicine (80mg) for about a year now.  Every time I go off of it or forget to take it for whatever reason, I have the same side effects when I start up again: severe nausea and dizziness, to the point where I have to lay down for up to an hour at a time.  However, those pale in comparison to the benefits: I can focus, complete both small tasks and big projects, read and comprehend material more easily, and am infinitely more relaxed and less anxious.  I 've also been in recovery for a food addiction for the past three years and it 's helped tremendously with the compulsive thoughts about food.  Unfortunately I 'm now noticing that the benefits seem to be wearing off, and I 'm considering either upping my dosage or switching medicines.
It may include some side effects, I used and I prefer Parnate with some side effects vs depression that 's my experience.
I am a male and I was told that mostly women use this type of medicine. I can 't say enough good things about Vesicare. My doctor says it 's the only medication in the class of drugs that last the whole 24 hours. It especially helps with my urgent feelings.
Have been using Pennsaid for over eight years but strictly on an as needed basis (2-3) times a week. Very effective for knees and hips (almost instant relief). Only side effect is an occasional oral off taste.
I am a patient with a cold and cough. Whenever I am exposed to cold for more time without proper covering my body, I get cold and coughing. I immediately start bronchitis effect. I start coughing. I feel very nervous and feeling very sick. No mood for doing any activity. Feel tired and body ache. This situation remains for very long time if I don%u2019t take medicine and ultimately it goes away quickly if I start antibiotics. Amoxicillin is the most effective drug for my bronchitis. It starts effect from the very 1st pill. I feel very comfortable after the prescribed dose is finished. I take MOXIKIND-CV 625 in India. It does not have any side effect to me.I wonder why Indian doctors treat me with the drug contains Cefixime, whenever I suffer from bronchitis. It is never effective at all and ultimately I need to take Amoxicillin and immediately I get relief from my painful bronchitis.Thanks to Amoxicillin.
I have had the Nexplanon since October 2015 and I absolutely love it. There seem to be far more horror stories than good experiences, but it has been great for me. I have only bled for about a week, this was the week after having it implanted. I have occasional spotting but it is very, very light. I can 't blame mood swings on the Nexplanon because I have had Bipolar the entirety of my life. I used to have terrible cramps monthly and now I have none. I did gain about 4 pounds but I barely noticed. I have not been hungrier since getting it and I 've been a lot happier. I have had a much better sex life with my boyfriend since getting it and I hope this continues. I think this method of birth control is different for every person.
I started NuvaRing at 13 to regulate my heavy periods. I 'm 23 now, still on it and love it. Here 's the basics: -Never falls out, can 't feel it at all (unless it 's not put in right or if you have a wider/tilted uterus)-Husband is large and can 't stand it, so I put it back in after intimacy.-If I forget/lose it, I just put a new one in for 3 more weeks (skip a period, whoop!)-I have never refridgerated mine, the teens don 't need to see that in there lol-no cramps, bloating, acne, weight gain, etc. (I eat a lot so i 'm not gonna blame my anti-baby meds for my own bad habits)-no mood swings, sex drive hasn 't changed, periods are lighter/are over quicker than before. -no insurance? Forget it. These freaking things are $150 a pop.
Best medicine around.  I have been in a trial study for 5 years with Stelara, it has been wonderful.  I have been 100% clear for the 5 years.  No real side effects.  I had my last study dose in September 2010, I broke out in January 2011 just a little.  I go to get my shot again in February 2011.  I can not wait.
I love the medication and have loss a lot of weight but the nausea gets to me. I also have had a time when I cannot stand the smell of food, my mouth will be dry a little but overall I am losing.  I cannot exercise due to back surgery and complications from that surgery. I 'm going to start taking it at night and hopefully it will make the little side effects better. It definitely works.
I developed a UTI caused by salmonella poisoning!  I was given a 7 day supply of Trimethoprim/sulfamethoxazole which eased the symptoms but did not cure the infection which resulted in a UTI reoccurrence. My doctor then prescribed me a 5 day supply of ciprofloxacin 500mg which took effect and eased symptoms within 30 minutes after my first pill however did not take full effect until Day 4.  Most importantly, it worked for me!  Yes, I made the mistake of having read all online reviews including those who allegedly suffered horrific side effects including bad dreams, etc. Personally, I had NO SIDE EFFECTS!  A final urine culture confirmed no more UTI.  I recommend Ciprofloxacin!
I was sexually active for about 8 years now and very against birth control of any type. When I got with my current boyfriend he made me get it so I went to the doctors and I told the doctor that I want birth ccontrol with the lowest hormones and she prescribed Loestrin. I was very nervous, I have been taking it for almost 2 months and let me tell you, I LOVE IT. My breasts were small and saggy after I had my baby and on the second week of using this pill they filled up, they 're so firm and big and they have stayed like that for 2 months now. I have no other side effects for now, no acne, no weight gain. I love this pill and I 'm sticking with it.
I am 35 years old and have Been on and off Enbrel for 13 years. It 's the only medication that keeps my AS under control. P90x stretching videos work so well for AS also.
I 've been taking Gleevec since 2008. I 'm 24 now in February 7 2015 I live a normal life. Gleevec and Stanford hospital saved my life I 'm 24 now just a kid but I 've walked the line and back again I have (all) with ph chromea zone I 've done extensive therapy. lucky to be here I 'm the light at the end of the tunnel don 't give up you can do it my friends my heart goes out to all of my fellow fighters.
I have been on Qsymia for exactly one week. I have been counting calories (consuming between 1000-1200 calories per day) and have lost 12 pounds. I have no real desire to eat. I have noticed that Diet Coke with Splenda tastes odd to me (not a diet soda drinker otherwise). I do not feel jittery &amp; have not experienced any other side effects. I am very pleased.
Developed asthma 3 years ago when I was 50. Tried all kinds of controller medications.  Switched to Symbacort after about a year and things have been great ever since.  Yes I have had some minor side effects, occasional agitation and some muscle cramps but I run 5k 3 times a week without any difficulties (well I am 53, so some difficulties).  I am very happy with this medication.  I hope that all asthmatics find their ideal medication.  Difficulties with breathing can be so scary. Work with your doctor, educate yourself on all the different meds available and find the right one for you. You can be happy and live the life you were meant to.
I 'm going into my third pack of generic brand. I LOVE IT. Of course worth any medication there 's always side effects and allowing your body to get used to it. My first pack I bled for a little over a month but of course that was already spoken about at the doctors. I 'm about to go into my third pack in about a week and a half and I 've a some light spotting, but nothing to be alarmed about. A little upsetting because I don 't want my period at all unless it 's when I 'm supposed to get it but this is normal. I highly recommend this method of birth control, my friend encouraged me to do this instead of continuing with the IUD I had inserted for 4 years, I give it a 10!
On May 21, 2017, I shared a review, and want to add something that happened to me recently.  I always take my Movantic 25 MG, in the morning with my coffee.  Within a half an hour, I have a bowel movement enviably.  The only side effect is flatulence (gas).  The other morning, I ate first, then took my Movantic 25 MG; around a hour and a half later.  I NEVER had a bowel movement that day, and my stomach was really bothering me badly.  The next day, I took it as I normally do, and once again had a bowel movement, without any issues; except for flatulence (gas).  Hope this helps!
Today is Thursday. I woke up last Sunday with a sore throat, by the time night rolled around I had a 101 fever. I could barely swallow on Monday and had all the typical flu symptoms so went to the walk in care in town. I tested positive for Flu type A. I was prescribed Tamiflu - had to go 5 towns over to get it a pharmacy because of the amount of people in my area with the flu. By Tuesday Morning (after only 1 pill) I was feeling SO much better, it was incredible! By yesterday (Wed), I really had zero symptoms left - amazing!There are some side effects that have been annoying but nothing compares to what could have happened left untreated. #1 issue: INSOMNIA. Even took a Xanax and could not sleep! Longest I slept since starting is 45mins!
My boyfriend and I had sex on 1/11/14 and the condom fell off. Around 1 hours later I took the morning after pill and I am happy to say that I got my period today 3 days sooner! (This was also around the time the calendar said I was ovulating) so don 't freak out! As long as you take it as soon as possible you will be fine!
I am 34 years of age male and for years since 2003 when I was just 21 years of age started feeling really depressed and started suffering with anxiety but prior in the build up to this I had also suffered from depleted sex drive foggy memory moods swings low energy always needed an afternoon nap to get me through the day no matter how much sleep I had.Any way I had been going docs for years I was prescribed Citalopram which did 90% eradicate the anxiety and definitely the depression but I still suffered with the other symptoms. I always told them how I felt had tests for diabetes checked my thyroid etc all come back clear.Long story short found out I had a pituitary tumour and took Carbegoline and everything cleared up felt great!!!!!
I 've delt with chronic pain the last 11 years, since I was 23. And as anyone with chronic pain knows, it 's never going to completely go away.  We just want a break, some type of relief from the constant agony.In the wiiiide variety of opiod pain meds, roxicodone has brought me the most consistent pain relief paired with my muscle relaxer (Baclofen). I swear I 've tried just about everything,  trying to find that &quot;happy medium&quot; I personally try to find the least amount of medication I need to be on to function. These seem to do that for me, aside from fentanyl patches and then a med for break thru. Everyone is a bit different though, and our tolerance for medications and how our body metabolizes it varies as well.  But for me, it works!!
I had lost interest in most areas of my life, lived in a constant state of anxiety and fear, and had become underweight.  I struggled to get the right dosage of Celexa, took about 2 months to get it right. But now, almost a year later, I am a different person.  I have started having fun again, almost nothing sets me into panic mode, and have become a healthy weight again since I regained my appetite.
I am on my 3rd Mirena. I had one in my late 20 's before I had children and have had one after each of my kids were born.  The first insertion was the most painful but was managed well with Ibuprofen.  When I had it removed the Dr. told me to wait one full cycle before trying to get pregnant.  I was pregnant the first month we tried.  After my son was born I had a new Mirena and had it removed after a year and became pregnant with my daughter the first month after my full cycle.  The pain of insertion is worth it, I have no periods, no headaches, no moodiness and my husband doesn 't seem to notice it is even there!  I highly recommend Mirena!
I absolutely loved this IUD. I was skeptical at first, being that I hopped on the internet and started reading reviews and pretty much all I saw were people saying how bad the pain was getting it inserted and that the pain was worse to get it removed. The pain getting it inserted was NOT as bad as I was expecting. It literally just was a cramp that was a smidge more painful than I was use to. Besides that, the insertion was not bad. I cramped/bled for about a month then after that my periods started to slowly lighten up and now 3 years later I basically have no period (which is awesome considering before my IUD I had the worst periods). I recommend Skyla to everyone.
I am now 21 and have been on TriNessa since I was 15 years old, so 6 years on the same pill is a long time, obviously I love it. I originally was placed on the pill to control my VERY painful pains and cramps during my periods, and to help control acne.  Eventually when I became sexually active when I was 18, the pill was also important as birth control. Never once have I ever had a &quot;pregnancy scare&quot; while on this pill.  I have not noticed any negative effects, no excessive weight gain, or mood swings. The first few months I was on the pill, I had some spotting but after 3 months or so that stopped.  Come time for my period week, my period was a lot less painful and I had lighter bleeding as well. Strongly recommended!
I recently stopped biodentical pellets and decided to try vivelle-dot .05 mg.  It totally stopped my migraines; however, this dose did not help with insomnia or hot flashes and I suspect my GP will increase the dose.  Now, my insurance will not cover the cost at all because I am over 65.  Through a friend, I found that the manufacturer, Novartis, makes this patch in Europe under the name of Estradot.  I ordered it online with a prescription.  The difference is $32/month compared to $286/month for Vivelle-dot in US.  When I opened the packet, they appear identical and work the same.  Once my dose is adjusted I think these will be fine.
I have used a generic version of Soma as needed for muscle pain as I have fibromyalgia for 12 years now. Tried 5 different muscle relaxers before I found Soma. It is definitely the best with fewest side effects. Yesterday my insurance company informed me they will no longer pay for it. I will buy it myself. It is worth it. 
I recommend this for people who have tried BC/OTC treatments to no avail. I 've had acne all my life and everytime it gets super cystic, painful and covers my entire face I get back on the low dose. This past treatment i started in January with incredibly cystic painful acne on my chin, jaw, cheeks, and forehead. I would describe it as borderline severe acne. By June ALL of my acne was gone (unfortunately because my acne was so severe I am left with scars on my cheeks and chin). The only downside is it gets worse before it gets better and it takes a pretty long time to work.
After 1st week lost about 4 lbs.  Only side effect is constipation. MOM helps. Didn 't increase dosage as prescribed still take 1per day. If I eat carbs my appetite increases, if I stick to proteins with fresh fruit&amp; vegetables appetite decrease, no desire to snack. No exercise yet.
I had been suffering with excessive sweating in my armpits for at least 2 years before I finally got a doctors opinion. Getting this medicine really changed what I did from day to day. I use it just once a week and I never find myself sweating anymore. Sometimes I feel like I 'm sweating but when I look I don 't have a speck of sweat. The only problem I have with this medicine is that every time I apply it my arm pits get extremely itchy and sometimes I will wake up with a rash, but I guess that 's just the price of not having sweat anymore. I strongly advise you to talk to your doctor about this medicine if you 're having the same problem! Don 't be scared to ask!
I started on Saxenda March 11, 2016 I 'm 44 5 '7 and weighed in at doctor 286 pounds..I had my follow up on March 22 im down to 274 I only had nausea the first day at 0.6 and first day at 1.2 my goal is to get down to 200
Hydrochlorothiazide (HCTZ) didn 't effect my blood pressure much at 12.5mg or 25mg.  It stayed around 145/95. When I added 10mg Lisinopril on top of 25mg HCTZ, it went to 120/85.  I don 't know how much of the benefit comes from (HCTZ) and how much from Lisinopril.  I rate HCTZ high, though, because it 's very inexpensive and caused no side effects.
Miracle! I had obsessive thoughts that I recognized and could not get rid off.  Tried years of therapy and one year of Lexapro with no results.  The thoughts had cost me relationships in the past and was starting to ruin my latest and best one also.  I finally tried Clomipramine.  Even at the low dosage of 25mg, I started to see results after two weeks of taking it. The side effects are a drag but they start going away.  Worst one for me is the anorgasmia though which is getting better slowly.
I am in full time school in a program that requires me to give many oral presentation. I am a somewhat shy and introverted person and have always had a lot of trouble being able to do this effectively. I get very anxious and I shake and get short of breath and feel my heart racing. I had heard about propranolol so I consulted with my GP and she prescribed 40mg to me. The first time taking it right before my presentation I felt slightly anxious and was thinking that it wasn 't working, however the minute I started to present I felt calm and relaxed and was able to present well. No shaking or pounding heart, which I now realize increased the anxiety and really interfered. This medication is a lifesaver to me, I am glad I found it!
I 'm 19, and after a very poor experience with the birth control Beyaz, I was switched to Tri-Sprintec. After several months, my cramps have decreased in pain and my acne that I have struggled with for over 5 years is almost completely gone! I am amazed! haha. PLEASE, don 't read reviews on the internet for a specific birth control and assume that will be your experience. Your hormones and needs are very unique, and it may take a few switches to fully figure out which brand is meant for you. I spent countless hours stressing over reviews/etc when I really just needed to try and see what happened. Birth control is complicated and will not affect any two women the same way. Listen to your doctor and trust what they say!
Very high smoking sensation, weight gain, tiredness, and insomnia. But its the best antipsychotic med for me.
I love this medicine because after I take it my stomach feels a lot better.
I 've had dermatographism or chronic urticaria for about 1 yr before I started taking Zyrtec. I started taking Zyrtec in January and now I forgot I even have the skin problem! When I first tried this product, the side effects made me extremely sleepy and thirsty. It dried my body out. But the side effects went away after prolonged use. Now I feel like a normal person!
I never had pimple before but once I turned 23, I was  having pimples once in a while and later it was covered in my chicks.  Nothing was working out for me so I decided to see a dermatologist and he recommended Aczone.  I have started using it last November 2012 and still using it.    My face is fully cleared now and it is smooth just like it was before and no spots.  Although I do get pimple once in a while but it just got away. Also I don 't use make up much may be that 's why it got cleared and nice. Overall, I Love it and I am glad that Doctor prescribed me this one. But I just don 't know how long I should use it for because my tube is getting empty and I wont get any more refills.
It seems to be helping a lot. First 2 weeks there was a mild peeling of skin (similar to mild sunburn) but now it is fine.  I haven 't tried many prescriptions, (mostly cosmetic-over-counter types), but if you are curious try this. It 's pricey though.
Was originally prescribed Citalopram 20mg a day for anxiety, however I have suffered from premenstrual symptoms for years, it was controlling my life! For weeks I had side effects but persevered. I have NEVER felt so good since, I have zero side effects and absolutely NO signs of PMT! My husband thinks he 's married  'me ' again! So happy.
I was diagnosed with bi-polar disorder 18 months ago and put on lithium 600mgs a day and Seroquel 300mg at night.  The lithium has been wonderful to stabilize my moods and keep me from feeling so down and depressed. I eventually weaned myself from the Seroquel because it made me lethargic and I had weight gain that I contributed to it not the lithium.  I now exercise - run 3 miles a day to help me release any pent up anger or negative energy and it works wonders.  Lithium maybe one of the oldest bi-polar medicines but it is tried and true.
Helps with pain very well.
I 've been on this for over 30 years and had maybe 10 seizures over that span.  I am annoyed that they took something that worked, off the market.  When I was 12, I was put on phenobarbitol and my body couldn 't handle it so the doc put me on Mebaral and I wasn 't a walking zombie and actually functioned.  Now that they discontinued Mebaral I have taken 3 other medicines in one year and you 've guessed it I 'm back on Phenobarb. I plead with the makers to bring this back PLEASE!.
I have a pinched sciatic nerve in my lower back due to a compression fracture, and also severe nerve damage in my left arm. After being on different narcotics that didn 't work, I gave up and just lived with the aching in my arm that never stopped. My Doctor put me on Lyrica, and I swear, I started crying because I had NO pain in my arm for the first time since my accident: 5 years. Lyrica has been a God send for me. It helps both my back and my arm. When my Doctor increases the dose, the side effects go away after 2 weeks. I recommend this medicine to anybody with nerve damage.
I have been on Depo for at least 10yrs. No menstrual cycle at all. I LOVE THAT. I stopped receiving the injection June 2011, still do not have my period. I am so anxious about having children. I cant ' wait. No real side effects coming off of the shot just yet. I 'm waiting to lose that weight they said I gained on it.
I take this along with Lexapro... I was having such hard times falling asleep due to nine million things going on through the day ... then the anxiety kicked in...sometimes I would be up for hours while everyone is sound to sleep...When I started taking this I fall asleep within thirty mins and usually sleep sound. It is not addicting... and good price for the good things the meds do.
works great for mood swings and temper problems, substantially reduced anxiety
I have been taking this medicine since i was in the 6th grade! I am now 22 years old. This medicine made me feel like i could actually sit in class with out falling asleep or not being able to concentrate. It 's a great feeling to actually get everything done. Yes it does cause dry mouth and you may not eat like you used to. However you have to make yourself eat something other wise you can cause your blood sugar to drop witch would cause headach and nausea. With time you do get used to the medicine and you will get your appitite back. I 'm on 50mg. On days i dont take it im like a walking zombie i dont feel like doing anything i cant concentrate and i will most likely eat all day long. I 'm more activie when i do take it! I love it !
I take either 1 gabapentin and 2 zzzquil or 2 gabapentin and 1 zzzquil and I sleep like a baby all night! I normally fall asleep relatively quickly and wake up around 2 or 3am with terrible back pain and am practically up the rest of the night. Ever since this combo I have finally found rest! The 2 on their own did nothing for me just fyi
I have had various SSRI 's and etc - nothing worked. Just gone on 2.5mg ativan and feel it has saved my life. Seems I had crippling anxiety without being aware of it, as no panic attacks etc. So there are some people with bad experiences,  but do not generalise.
I was diagnosed with ADHD and I have been on several different medicines and all they did was make it worse and made me feel more angry and just want to stay by myself at all times. I hated everyone and everything. I couldn 't go anywhere because I would get panic attacks. I couldn 't complete tasks.  I was nothing but miserable. I was put on Concerta, and I am nothing but amazed how much different I feel and what I can do. I communicate with people, even people I pass in the stores. I complete every task I start. I enjoy being a mom, wife, and a grandmother. Most of all, I Love My Life! Thank You Concerta!
I had such a bad cough, with a cold, that I felt like I was going to vomit. Continual coughing attacks kept me awake at night. Got this medication, Hydromet, and my cough stopped within 5 minutes. This is a great cough medication. No problems with side effects.
Hey everyone....I posted around day 5 of taking....it is down below (which gives you my background with PCOS &amp; my journey). I started Phentermine 37.5 at 197lbs on Dec. 3rd. I did weigh myself on day 12 and I was down to 189 lbs. I think that pretty much says it all. I am not really experiencing the main side effects (dry mouth, jitters, insomnia). I can drink coffee, and I do my best to keep to 1,200 calories a day. I do not exercise. I sit at a desk all day, then nanny for 4 hours in the afternoon. The only side effect that is a little annoying, is constipation. This is troublesome because I normally have stomach trouble. I am trying Prune Juice as of today.
As a 20 year old girl, a huge, ugly cold sore is pretty much one of the most unsightly things that could happen to your face.  I 've been getting them literally once a month since I was 11, guess I caught it at my gymnastics gym sharing water, and nothing has been more helpful than 2g of Valtrex at the FIRST sign.  No OTC treatment ever shortened my healing time, but Valtrex completely stops the blisters in their tracks. If I take it right when I feel the tingle/bump, it USUALLY never even breaks the skin.  I would highly recommend this medicine to anyone with a cold sore problem.
This med lost one point only bc of it 's so priceyepiduo forte has totally changed my life!! I have tried seriously EVERYTHING to get rid of my acne. I 'm 20, almost 21, and have been fighting it since I was like 14!! Trying med after med, everything a failure.then I tried epiduo forte!! for the first couple months I was like, &quot;whatever another failure&quot; bc I didn 't see any results. But then the 3rd month hit! and I haven 't had acne since!! so here 's my advice for epiduo forte users:1) USE LOTION W/ IT! something like cerave or cetaphil. put just a SMALL drop that you spread all over then use lotion on top of that2) use it at morning AND night (w/ lotion) if you need to! I saw better results this way3) Don 't give up on it. give it 3 month
Been taking norco for 19 months as I have neuropathic foot leg hip low back pain. Trying not to have back fusion. Norco 5mg/325mg does great for pain control. Without this would be flat on my back in bed. Thank goodness for norco.
I have been given clarithromycin and a steroid..The taste left in your mouth is terrible. And the weird feeling around the jaw and generally light headed. But boy has it cleared my chest in just 2 days.. I can breathe and coughing is not painful. But the taste is hard work and makes you wanna heave. But it 's to repair your infection so definitely does as it says on tin.
After trying dozens of other meds with no results, my doctor prescribed me Brintellix.  I was started on 5mg a day and worked my way up to 20mg a day.  Even at the lowest dose of 5mg, I started  to notice my depression lifting and my anxiety reducing.  I became more social on it as well.  The higher the dose the better I got.  It took about a month to feel a major change.
ADD is NOT a made up condition. I 'm 26.  Without Adderall/Vyvanse, i have no mental energy or focus to do anything. And it has been this way my entire life. School has gone from being an F and D student to being an A and B student. It has nothing to do with &quot;being lazy&quot; and everything to do with having a real chemical imbalance in the brain. Anyways, have been full time for 2 years until 7 weeks ago I convinced myself it wasn 't working anymore and I didn 't need it. Big mistake! I am ready to start up again next week. I can feel the old me come back, the me I hated. If you truly have ADD/ADHD, this will change your life for the better. Some negatives are sleeping less, decreased apatite, and often weak erections on it (despite high libido)
I got Nexplanon inserted in my arm in March 2015 two days after my period ended and I love it. I haven 't gotten my period since then, I don 't bloat, no headaches and no cramps. I haven 't gained weight with this implant ether. Every body is different so don 't base your judgement of this on one bad review or one good review. It takes 10 seconds to insert and remove so try it and if it doesn 't work well with your body, remove it. I personally love it, and it lasts 3 years.
The cramps OMG!! Yes it works but the abdominal pain and cramps and nausea.. I 'm not sure it was worth it. Started out slow but after a few hours BAM!!!! I was laying on the couch moaning in pain.. then the urge hit and everything cleared out. Pain seems to subside after using the bathroom. Still on the couch in pain.. I have the rest of the night to make it through. Yes it works.. idk if it 's worth it tho.
I 'm a 25 year old female 4 '11&quot;. I started taking phentermine on the 21st of this month. My doctor instructed me to take only half a pill the first 7 days and then I would start taking the full pill in the morning. My weight was 155lbs and and I now weigh 146lbs. I have lost 9 lbs in 5 days. My doctor had me cut out all carbs. I drink a protein shake in the morning and at night and I eat a low calorie lunch, with snacks like fruits or veggies in between. I also work out. The first few days on the pill I felt jittery but that 's gone now. I also had headaches, that 's also gone. I do still have dry mouth so I make sure to drink plenty of water. I recommend this pill to anyone. In this short period of time it has already changed my life.
Had a Synvisc One shot about 2 years ago and experienced ZERO relief so I almost gave up on these types of injections. My right knee was hurting so bad that I had to reconsider. My new doctor  told me that he has had the best experience with Euflexxa. This medication is a once per week injection for 3 weeks. I go in to get my first injection and the doctor told me to not expect much however, a day later, I could 100% feel a significant improvement in my knee. While my knee will never be 100%, I rate this product so high because my knee pain has reduced at least 60-70% which to me is a miracle. I have 2 more injections to go and on my last injection they will also be doing PRP therapy to my knee.
First time I went to an inpatient rehab, thought I was going to die I was so sick, shaking uncontrollably, near hallucinating, and they gave me two tablets of which mg I don 't know, and it worked wonders! I took what I imagine to be 25mg every 4-6 hours after that and within 3 days felt great, stayed there 5 days and at day 4 I was ready to get out of there. Unfortunately, I relapsed and binged for a month. This time I did it outpatient and the Dr. gave me 25mg tabs which I took 1 every 4-6 hours the first day and it immediately made me feel 10 times better. Overall the course of 5 days I slowly tapered off and it 's what I recommend to anyone wiithdrawing from the sauce.
I have been on taltz for about 4 months I saw results right away. It has even helped my rheumatoid arthritis some. The only side effect I have is mild cold symptoms which goes away pretty fast. The biggest drawback of this medicine is it lowers my immune system which sucks because I get sick a lot more now then without it. I got the flu recently it lasted 7 days and it was pretty severe. I have tried lots of other biologics, you name it I have tried it. Before taltz I was on cosentyx it was great except it gave me very bad mouth sores. With taltz I only had to pay a 5.00 co pay my insurance and Lilly took care of the rest. I am pretty much 99.9% clear taking this medication.
I was put on this medication back in may (2015) for anxiety also for detox because I was on xanax for 8years and then I was on clonopin for 3years. Im supposed to be taking this med 3 times a day  (150mg) as needed. I don 't take the full max I only take 50 at night and do I sleep good at night I 'm usually up at 6am but now I 'm waking up at 9 in the morning and I do feel like  I 'm on cloud 9 but I feel better being on this med. it also works very well for my eczema
Long story short: I 've never been able to take a BCP that didn 't cause dibilitating side effects until now!!! I can 't believe it!For years I have tried many different birth control methods including combination pills of all kinds and the ring. With each one, I would have terrible nausea, intractable vomiting, and eventually migranes.At first, my doctor told me I just needed to stick with it longer. Well, when I had to pull over on my ten minute drive on the highway to vomit on my way to work, I decided I couldn 't do it anymore.I recently got a new midwife. She suggested this and I 'm SO HAPPY. It 's been about a week and I 've had absolutely zero side effects. Call me crazy, but I think my libido and mood have actually elevated?
My son went on Isotretinoin for 6 months. He took 30 mg/ day for the first month and 60 mg for the next 5 months. He tried every other acne medicine and nothing worked until he started isotretinoin. His acne was clear by the third month. He had very dry lips and dry skin. The worst side effects was joint pain. He was 15, a runner and soccer player. It got to the point where even with ibuprofen, he was unable to play soccer or run track without a lot of pain. This is a hard price to pay for a high school athlete, and yet, now his skin looks great. The dermatologist has told us it is likely he will have 2 clear years and then he may have to start over again. I look back at before pictures and am so grateful this medicine was available.
I 've been a binge drinker on and off for several years. 
Well, I don 't know what to say. If only I would have been taking lamotrigine when I was younger. I 've been having moods swings and anger since I can remember, since the age of 11. I am 31 now and this is the only medicine that makes me feel the way I knew I should feel. I have no side effects. The worst thing of having bipolar 2 was dealing with my horrible anger problems and having people scared of me. I used to hold on to the fact that my son was the only reason I was alive but lamotrigine has given me a new lease on life. Lamotrigine makes me feel like I should have felt since I was younger!
I had unprotected sex and the guy wasn 't able to pull out in time. I had just gotten off the pill the month before and I was very fertile/ovulating at this time. I took Ella within the 24 hour window and experienced nausea and headaches in the first 2 hours, then on-off within the next 5 days. I was quite paranoid because I also caught a cold (I rarely get sick) within 2 days, and for some, a weaker immune system may be experienced when the egg first gets embedded. I was experienced some diarrhea but looking back this may be due more to built-up anxiety. My period arrived, just 3 days late.  Sharing this experience for those of you who might be worrying. Ella works, just remain calm, and next time, use a condom!
I started using Lyza and it has being 2 months. THANK YOU FOR THIS BIRTH CONTROL! I am 23 and its my first time using birth control. I was really scared to get on any kind of birth control but after two babies, it was time to think of it and to take it seriously! I went to my OBGYN and she recommended this pill and it is going pretty well. I get a little bloated after I take it but drinking lots of water makes it a lot better.
I absolutely love it. I have had it in for several months now. I am working on a full sleeve (tattoos) on my left arm where my Dr wanted to put it (I 'm right handed and they usually place it in the opposite arm) but I explained that and asked if I could get tattooed over the area. She didn 't recommend it so placed it in my right arm. The first 3 weeks it looked like I got beat all around the insertion site, but it didn 't hurt. I haven 't had a period, or even any spotting. I get cramps occasionally but not even annoying enough to take ibuprofen. No weight gain (I 've actually LOST weight) and the only thing negative I could say is I have a tiny circular scar where it was placed, but it doesn 't bother me at all.
Just used this product for first time in preparation for hemorrhoid removal surgery in the morning. It kicked in within 3-4 minutes. Seems to have cleared things for now. I get to do it again in the morning, oh joy. 
I am a full time nursing student with PTSD. I have terrible test anxiety and am always in a state of fight or flight. I learned to deal with my PTSD but the high anxiety of exam sent me straight back to an anxiety attack. My Dr. perscribed 10mg of propranolol and it didn 't help. Before I wrote it off I took my Drs advice and moved up to 20mg 's. It was so amazing. Guys I can 't tell you how nice it is. Sometimes I feel like I can 't breath. Like the world is crumbling, and I am unable to move. This also helps me with the nightmares. I used to have dreams where I was in danger and my feet were stuck to the ground and I had no voice.so I couldn 't run or scream. It was so terrible. I am thankful for the tools the Lord uses!
Wow - this is interesting.  First I was scared to try another anti-psychotic as I typically get akathisia, but for some reason I have not had issues with it this time around (so far). I have to say that Saphris works wonders on negative symptoms that most medicines would not really touch.  I find myself actually wanting to go outside, and be around people and just do things in general - my lack of desire has just gone.  This makes me so much more happier.  I just didn 't think it was possible, and that I was just stuck the way I was.  It tastes nasty though and it numbs your tongue for 15-20 minutes.  Also it puts me to sleep.  But other than that I have to say the pros definitely do outweigh the cons.  I just wish it would come in pill form!
I have been taking this medication for about 2 months. I started on 20mg and moved to 40mg within 3 weeks. I haven 't felt this good in more than 20 years. Took a few weeks for the side effects to go away. Dry mouth and yawning were the worst of it.
This med helps me depression so much! I have severe depression and anxiety and it helps with everything - the sadness, irritability, anxiety, social anxiety, you name it. Unfortunately it causes major weight gain. I mean, I gained 40 lbs in a few months so I weaned off of it, lost the weight with no lifestyle changes. Tried other meds but nothing worked as well so I have it another try. Again, weight gain. No lifestyle changes and gained 70lbs in 4 months. Repeat weaning. Repeat weight loss. Became suicidal. Had to go back on the med. remained on it for 9 years gained 150 lbs and remained stable there. Recently went off again and I 'm trying to find another med because I can 't handle obesity but can 't find another med that works as well!
I was diagnosed with osteoporosis and after 6 years of taking this drug my last bone density showed no osteoporosis!
I 'm taking it for Pain From Joint Hypermobility Syndrome. Wonderful medication aside from a little minor increase in agitation/irritability
I don 't have anything but good things to say about Orsythia. It regulated my periods really well, reduced and shortened bleeding, and completely got rid of my cramps. I haven 't noticed any major side effects. No spotting, no weight gain, and no acne issues. I 've noticed I 'm sometimes a little bit more emotional during week 1, but it 's never been of any issue or effected me negatively. As of now I have no plans of changing from this pill.
I get recurring cases of impetigo and Keflex is always my go-to drug. Keflex clears up the infection quickly, and I 've never experienced any side-effects, even if I take it on an empty stomach.  Highly recommended!
I was a heroin addict for the past 5 years.  I was in and out of detox 6-7 times. I never wanted to be on Suboxone outside of detox, because of the horror stories I had heard.  This medication saved my life.  I got clean on January 1 of this year (checked into detox, again, on Dec 31-- yes, New Years Eve).  I decided this time to stay on the medication following discharge.  It has completely changed my life.  I am still clean, on a low dose and tapering off at a pace that 's comfortable for me, I didn 't sleep for maybe 2 weeks after returning home, but that was due to the fact that heroin used to put me to sleep. I am a mother to my son and daughter again thanks to Suboxone.
45 yr old maleI contracted hep c between 2004 &amp; 2006 using drugs.... (cleaned up dec 2006) ..after 9 yrs of having virus I went on harvoni for 8weeks started dec 10 2015 and finished feb3 2016... first blood tests showed less than 12 viral count (compared to 6million)  ....did 12 week post treatment bloodwork in april and virus was UNDETECTED :) THANK YOU GILEAD FOR HARVONI
I have been using Nexplanon for four years deciding to get it before enlisting in the USAF, and it hasn 't caused any problems or adverse side effects. They numb the area where they insert the implant initially, and when it 's time to replace it. You feel pressure, but in my experience no pain. While using this implant I have had very infrequent periods. Or some heavy ones that lasted for only two, versus a week without the implant. I haven 't gained any weight, though workout regularly so haven 't noticed any effects. Acne hasn 't been an issue. I have been happy so far with this implant, and haven 't needed to look into any other forms of birth control, and would recommend this to a friend or anyone thinking about getting it.
This was a great BC. I had absolutely no cramping while on my period, no weight gain and beautiful skin. I had no side effects. My period became regulated and I felt absolutely nothing while it was on.
48 y/o male with blood pressure averaging 156/102 with spikes to 200 /110 . This medicine helped stabilize my blood pressure to about 115/65 now. No major side effects but need to watch my glucose level since its a Beta blocker.
I wanted to respond to miss lippy.  Any gp who tells you it 's a &quot;placebo&quot; when it seems to be working for you does not have your best interests at heart. Find another one who will give you positive re enforcement and genuinely try to help you! I 've got my story below, and hit my first dry anniversary today. There 's no way it 's a placebo, I felt different immediately and trust me, &quot;will power&quot; alone couldn 't have gotten me this far without campral. If that 's the case, I should have been able to kick this years ago. Give it another go, and dis-regard the placebo comment. Some Drs have a negative attitude towards alchoholics and think that if we only tried hard enough, we could do it ourselves. Rubbish. Start it again and let you be the judge!
Hormones may play an important part of how well you tolerate. At age 37 &amp; hormonally balanced it worked well for situational depression within 14 days. Minimal, short side effects upon starting. Used 5-6 months then weaned off. Absolutely satisfied! Ten years later - perimenopausal, panic attacks, OCD, GAD and depression. Tried drug again and had horrible reaction! Even on 1/8 dose. The floor was unstable, naseau, headache, ears almost deaf. Scared me so bad, I refused to take anything for my symptoms for several years. Now postmenopausal and 15 days on generic lexapro, I feel great. No side effects.
After dealing with PPD for over a year, I began taking Effexor XR about 3 years ago. I 'm sorry that I waited so long! I had been dealing with panic attacks, inability to sleep restfully, and various other issues during my daughter 's first year. After taking Effexor XR (initially I was tired and feeling sort of sluggish) for about 2 months, I felt 150% better! I was moving around a lot more, wanted to be out and about, playing with my daughter more. It was a miracle, for me. It also took my mind off of dealing with depression, and focusing on being able to function. Actually being able to feel BETTER, and to deal with things that had been seriously affecting my overall happiness all along. It gave me strength to make life changes.
My husband has had depression and at times severe anxiety for years. He would have anxiety attacks so bad he was sure he was having a full blown heart attack every time, and his anxiety prevented him from sleeping because he was sure he would die in his sleep. His depression was bad as well, he was sure the world would be better off without him. He tried different medications but nothing really worked, some seemed to improve things a little bit but for the most part I had given up hope that any of them really do much. Then he tried Zoloft. For him, this was the one. It took the edge off after about a week, after two weeks I could definitely tell a difference. After about 6 weeks he was back to his normal self.
After several cycles of Velcade, Revlimid and a steroid, my doctor switched me to Revlimid alone. I have had no side effects of note. The Velcade really knocked me out. Shortly after a stem cell transplant, I had a small blood clot that caused double-vision, but that resolved itself in about a month. Now I take a blood thinner (Jantoven). Two-and-a-half years after my transplant, my myeloma is extremely well-controlled, and I 'm guessing that Revlimid is a big part of the reason. The main issue I have with Revlimid is the astronomical price; my insurance pays 75% of the cost. A grant from a nonprofit foundation has been a huge help in covering the out of pocket.
Boy, let me tell you this. First I was prescribed with propranolol for Panic Disorder, because, I always thought I was having a heart attack (I 'm 21 and a little overweight, but working to change that), and, to add insult to injury, often, a panic attack meant a new cluster episode. Fast forward 3 months and my cluster episode begins. Surprisingly, instead of 3 hours of excruciating pain, I had 2 hours of mild, somewhat tolerable pain. Now, fast forward 4 months again to a month ago and, the last cluster episode I had were 2 clusters with 10 days apart from each other. My neurologist upped my dosage and I am, for now, cluster free.
I took Wellbutrin SR 150, twice a day for about a year along with Zoloft 50 once a day to get myself better after falling into a deep depressive episode.  My psychiatrist also recommended the Wellbutrin for helping to stop tobacco products and said that it would help with the depressive episodes. Overall, I really liked this medication for my condition as it had few side effects for me and with the Zoloft (not sure which to give credit to really) my appetite increased and I was able to eat healthier and gain back some of the weight which was lost due to my depression as a whole. After doing more research I did find that Wellbutrin is contraindicated for people with history of epilepsy or seizures in general.
Hey ladies!! STOP WORRYING!! The more you stress the nervous you get. I 've taken this pill twice and was afraid if it wouldn 't work the 2nd time, but it did!! This pill is a life saver! I had unprotective sex on July 4th and wasn 't sure if he came in me or not, but I wanted to be sure. So I went and bought the pill 7 hours after sex and took it instantly. I had no reactions towards the pill and received no symptoms. I felt bloated and nauseous at times and wanted to ge my period ASAP! But it never came...after waiting for 5 lonnnnnnggg stressful days, I finally got my period!!!! I 'm sitting on the toilet as I 'm writing this review and I see blot clots and I 'm receiving horrible cramps, but I 'm super happy that I can finally stop stressing!
I have used Humira for about 1 year and 4 months.  This has been great.  I still use the Clobex spray on the tough spots that seem to never clear up.  But, they are very small.  If you are suffering from psoriasis then I would recommend trying Humira for sure.  The warnings they give make me a little nervous however.  I had moderate Psoriasis that seemed to be getting worse with time.  I had large places on my shins and was getting places on my scalp and my back and chest.  I thank my Doctor every time I see him for offering Humira to me.  I hope it keeps working with no side effects.  I am 46 years old and this Psoriasis hit me about three years ago from nowhere, no family history of it.
Felt like the energizer bunny! Within an hour I was racing around work. Pain I normally have(back surgery) disappeared but after 6 hrs when I slowed down finally, I ached everywhere!
This pill is just simplest Amazing. I have severe to moderate constipation. Three pills alway does the trick for me. Although you may experience pain cramps. But out other than that this pill is a lifesavior
I first took cryselle when I was 15 and I had the worst side effects. break through bleeding, headaches, anxiety attacks, weight gain,and my periods lasted 2 weeks. Got on it again when I was 18 and had Little side effects! My periods are a little heavier and hurt a bit more, and have very sore boobs other than that it 's a charm. No pregnancy
This medication not only helped my mood to pull me out of my depression but it also decreased my migraines which could last for several days at a time.
I just wanted to share my experience with the skipped period side effect that can happen with this pill. I have taken Plan b twice before this last time and had experienced no side effects those times. This time I took it the day after my period ended, When it came time for my next period to start there was nothing. I searched online and it seemed a lot of people posted about skipped period but never followed up to say if they got there period or not. I took 3 pregnancy test and all came back negative. I skipped 1 whole period and then the next month my period came right on time. So if you experience this same effect and your test come back negative, dont panic. See your doctor if you have to or just wait for your body to get back on track
Solodyn has cleared up my skin completely. Contrary to the first comment someone posted, this is the first antibiotic that has worked without giving me constant yeast infections.  The only drawback is the sensitivity to sunlight. One day at the beach with SPF 30 still caused me to become ill and badly burned.
Okay, if your reading this you are probably in the boat I was in 2 months ago. So like all of you reading this I did something I feel like I shouldn 't have, so to prevent another mistake from happening I prevented it. I went 8 hours after having unprotected sex to buy plan b one step to do the trick. I took the pill 8 hours after unprotected sex and then the urge of waiting from the kicked in I had just literally got off my period 2 days prior. 4/5 days later I started minor bleeding brown blood and not like a normal period for 4-5 days so this was literally my second period in a month and it scared the crap out of me because it was almost like spotting. So after a week late pregnancy test were my friend then AUNT FLOW CAME 2 wks late !!
I started taking this during a time that I felt like I was at the end of my rope and frantic to find something to help me feel better (I had previously tried Cipralex and Effexor). I started at 150mg XL (moved to 300 after 2 weeks) and I noticed a difference in my mood and energy within the first couple of days! I did errands that I hadn 't done in months, cooked, and wasn 't sleeping all day! The drastic change in energy subsided, but I feel like it helped me wake up in the morning. It did slightly elevate my anxiety, but that subsided as well. I really recommend this medication! I only stopped because I found that it made my Vyvanse less effective (prescribed later on). I still am conflicted about, since this mediation was a GAME CHANGER
I have been on Aromasin for 2 years now. Prior I took tamoxifen. Sure, there are side effects, (pain in my leg,  painful joints, and hot flashes) but I had stage 3 ca and am still alive 4.5 years.
I have had GERD for many years and have tried everything. Prevacid works the best. I take 30 mgs a day. 
Amazing.
I 've had a very good experience with this form of birth control. No bleeding at all, no side effects, not an issues what so ever. I 've been takin it for about 9 months now and feeling fine
Me and my husband tried to have another baby for about 4 years. I didn 't have any problems getting pregnant with our first child. So went to the doctor and he proscribed me clomid. I took clomid for 5 days and I ovulated and found out 3 weeks latter I 'm having a baby and recently at 8 weeks along I found out I 'm having twins.
I 've been on this birth control for 3 months and have not gained a single pound. I 've actually lost weight, which was surprising. I have not had any side effects other than mood swings for the first week I went on it and spotting the week before I got my period. I don 't use condoms with this birth control and have sex every other day and still haven 't gotten pregnant. I really can 't say enough positive things about this birth control.
It made me nauseous, but not too bad. I love this medicine. Cleared up my cystic pimples within days. I 'm also on tretinoin cream which my insurance also pays. My dermatologist is amazing for recommending both. I get compliments that my face is flawless. It feels great! You will get little flare ups here and there don 't give up, give the medicine a chance it will work. I recommend it!
Worked great for my 13 year old w schizoaffective disorder for 8 months, the only side effect was vomiting a few min after taking it at times. Zantac seemed to help for a while, but the vomiting became more frequent so ultimately he had to come off of it. It seemed to work well though with no restlessness, akasthesia, or any other side effects. He took it with lithium, so it might have been the combination that was too much for his stomach.
Just take it with PLENTY of food, ,after dinner would be best and you should be fine with stomach pains or vomiting
Harvoni Rules !!!!!  I was cured in 4 weeks of treatment !!!!!
I had my first infusion last week and within 3 days, I can honestly say I have no pain for the first time in weeks.  I didn 't have any reactions or side effects except for feeling exhausted, but that maybe related to not being able to sleep for weeks prior, due to pain.  I am so happy with the effectiveness and results I have had.  I would definitely recommend it!
I have been getting the shot since I was 16 (Now 22). No weight gain, no increased appetite for me but everyones bodies are different. I wasnt fond of the shot the first 6 months but all of my minor side effects dissappeared and my body became use to it.Once I wanted to conceive it took only 3 cycles to become pregnant. Now that I have my daughter I will be going back on the shot and hoping I still have a good outcome with it.
I absolutely live Sprintec. No cramps. Light periods. No major side effects. Cheap and works for me!
It 's work wonderfully but it 's extremely expensive if you don 't have great insurance.
I used the 150mg capsule for a severe tooth abscess/infection that was painful and extremely inflamed. After only 36 hours of treatment, the infection began to subside and the pain level dropped drastically. This medicine performed very well and I would suggest it to someone else.
Excellent medication! When I was first on Abilify I hated it. At first the doctors put me on 10mg which I hated because the dose was too high ( thinking about it now) . Then my doctor raised it to 20mg which was just making me even more emotionless. So I switched back to risperidone consta (injection), but I 've always hated risperidone consta, so I thought my life was over. But then I noticed I had a full pack of abilify left over from before. So I decided to take just small dose of Abilify along side the risperidone consta, and guess what? The Abilify is great at such a small dose. It completely blocks the side effects of risperidone and I can live a greater life now. So I take  Abilify and have risperidone injection every 2weeks.
Arthrotec75 was prescribed after I developed serious aching in my right thigh that prevented me from standing or walking for more than a few minutes. Eventually, a herniated disc at L-4-L5 was diagnosed. A large fragment was pressing up against a nerve. After a few more weeks, the onset of motor deficit in my foot led to the need to have surgery. If that hadn 't happened, I might have been able to avoid the surgery indefinitely by continuing to take Arthrotec. Other NSAIDs might have worked too, but protection of the stomach lining by Arthrotec 's misoprostol was appealing.
I am a 45 year old male - been on Lotrel for 3 years with no problems.
I used Dymista and the first use was excellent results and a reduction of my snoring and dripping sinus. Price is too high without insurance and the $35 coupon excludes senior citizens that take government funding. 
This medicine is working for me.  I am taking 5 mg amlodipine daily.  I am working with my doctor to lower the amount to 2.5mg daily because of the success. Thanks.
This is coming from someone who has struggled with severe anxiety issues and panic attacks,since I was a young child. Before being prescribed Hydroxyzine, I would have at least 2 panic attacks a day, if not more then that. And my high anxiety levels always interfered with everyday life...I would over think everything, plus I worried about every little thing that happened, it sucked. I 'm 25 now, and my anxiety levels are kept at a minimum, due to the Hydroxyzine..I 'm able to function normally at work, plus I don 't worry as much. I feel like I can be myself again
I have been on Suboxone since 2005 (8 years). I started taking this medicine when I hit rock bottom. I was addicted to percocet, morphine and klonopan. I hated myself. My doctor suggested I take Suboxone. 8 years later, I am still on this medication. I have never relapsed while on Suboxone!!!!! I have a few side effects: dizzy, sweaty and tired. These effects are nothing compared to the way I was living my life addicted to opiates. I am truly thankful for Suboxone.
I just had my second one out in yesterday. The first couple months took some getting use to for my arm so there were things like itching and some hurting going on but that went away. I don 't even notice it 's there anymore bi didn 't have a period until the last two months before it was time to take it out. I love it an hence that 's why I got another one put in.
I have had multiple sclerosis for 12 years. Been on every medicine, steroids and the list goes on. 1 dose of tysabri. I 'm walking 50% of the time without my walker (which I was using 100% of the time for the last 2 years). My mental and my balance have made a great recovery. I can 't wait for my second dose!
I 've been on Pristiq for 10 days now. It has really helped me -NO SIDE EFFECTS. I eat when taking it, it helps. I 'm also on Suboxone for pain. I 've noticed that I smoke more now, which might be from financial problems. I get constipation bit more but minimal problem. I have to take it in the morning like many people say or it keeps me up. Weird how different it affects people - some people say it helps them sleep. Goodluck folks.
I stared using this a week ago.  I have gone from chronic high pain to a level of 1 to 2.  I can function like a person again.  While this is only until we address the actual problem causing the back pain, this has made me look forward to having days with very little pain.  The difference is like night and day.  I still have the pain if I stand for too long, or if I do too much physical activity, but I can now sit for extended period of time pain free.  I have a slight upward tic, nervousness, and at times dizzy.  I take this with food.  For me it is a relief to be so pain free after dealing with the problem for over 18 years without any real relief.
I am 28. I lost 16 pounds my first 30 days. Gives you energy, and makes less hungry. Eager to see what happens my next 30 days. It gives you plenty of energy to exercise. Love it.
Had infrequent asthma all my life (I am 63) but never had to use an inhaler regularly. After a cold turned into pneumonia plus a sinus infection, my doc said to use my ProAir HFA inhaler more often. But serious asthma had set in and I wasn 't getting relief. Burning sensation in lungs, difficulty breathing, no energy, was not resting well...you guys know the drill. After two puffs of Dulera, the burning sensation was reduced, lungs felt more relaxed and I could breathe more deeply. I slept better last night and awoke feeling rested...wow! After two puffs this morning (at 5:30 a.m.) I felt the burning completely subside. Feel so much better. Even sinus pressure reduced. Looking forward to feeling good again. Hope is in sight.
Adipex-P (Phentermine) is awesome.  Not only does it take the hunger away, it boosts energy.  I 've been on Adipex-P and went from 196 to 135 lbs in 4 months, with only 30 minutes of exercise 5 days a week, plus the significantly reduced diet that this pill allows. It made losing weight easy.
I have had some difficulty with anxiety and depression. I started taking Zoloft in January after a family crisis triggered my anxiety. I was on Zoloft for 8 months, but it stopped working and was making my jaw tense and causing me to grind my teeth.  My doctor switched me to Lexapro, and I started at 5mg.  I stayed on the 5 mg until my follow-up appointment. The 5 mg starter dosage was not very effective for me. This is my 3rd day on 10 mg of Lexapro. I feel like my old self. I don 't shovel food into my face or feel bloated like I did with the Zoloft. I have my old sense of humor back. So far, I have not experienced any sexual side effects, but I noticed that Lexapro is causing a small amount of facial acne. Thumps UP!
Decided to take Dulcolax in order to cleanse after a frisky weekend of unjudicious eating. Took one lil pill after 11:30pm and crawled into bed. It is 2:30am and I have particularly terrible stomach cramps. Right below my esophagus. Right in the trapper. Got up once to see if gravity would help me move the sludge along, but I just got nauseous and sat on the toilet long enough to realize that I wanted to be back in bed again. I swiped a waterbottle from the fridge and a pack of Saltine crackers from the pantry on my hunched waddle back to the bedroom. As I lay there in an extra sad version of the fetal position, I read some of the reviews on this website. As a second-time user of the stuff, I must confirm the rumors. But Saltines help.
I have suffered from severe depression and social anxiety for years. After 3 days on Celexa my world felt completely different. Everything feels right again and for the first time in ages I feel happy. The only side effect I have encountered is random bouts of fatigue but I have been told it will balance out after a few weeks. This medicine is incredible and I can 't believe it took me so long to admit I needed it.
These injections are a God send for Clusterers.  The ONLY drawback that I experienced was the expense which forbids me from using them on a regular basis...but the tablets are a good substitute... just takes much longer to work.  The injections work almost instantly..
After a suicide attempt that landed me in the hospital 's psych ward for three weeks, I was put on Effexor XR and Lamotrigine as a mood stabilizer. This combo has changed my life. It took a few months to get the dosage right (yes, MONTHS), but I 'm coming up on two years since I 've been hospitalized with little to no problems. I 'm 21 and finishing my post-secondary education, hold a part-time job, live on my own, and have loving and supporting relationships. I never thought it would get better until Effexor came around.
Great! Works wonders for oily skin and hormonal acne.  A bonus is that it helped make me 10lbs lighter. 
This is a God send to me! I am currently detoxing from a 6 year (legal) opiate use. Over 50 and detoxing is no way to live. The insomnia was the absolute worst thing I was experiencing; 2-2 1/2 hours and watch the clock spin. Take temazepam 30mg right before bed and 8-9 hours, with no hangover. What a blessing.
I was diagnosed with ankylosing spondylitis about 2 years ago after experiencing severe stiffness in the neck and shoulders. I could barely turn my neck at all. Within a couple of weeks of taking Enbrel I was fully flexible and back to my rightful age of 27. 2 years on and I even sometimes forget I have this illness. I recently stopped taking it for 2 weeks and I soon found out what wonders it was working! It is incredible.
Lortab has worked wonders for my knee pain. 
For the very first time EVER  a medication worked for my migraine. My carrier would not cover the originally prescribed medication, so dr ordered naproxen and sumatriptan. I took it , not expecting much but I was wrong. My migraine felt like day 3 of a migraine. I could not believe it. I have had migraines for over 30 yrs and nothing has ever ever made any difference. I carry them both with me everywhere!
They gave this to my dad for a severely torn rotator cuff at the hospital and he said it was awesome.  Pain relief was immediate.
I have been suffering major depression for over 10 years and Zoloft took the edge off but I was still extremely depressed. I had mood swings and disorganized thinking, speech problems by being unable to articulate what I mean, paranoia and so forth.I was originally diagnosed with bipolar disorder but the diagnoses didn 't fit. I also was diagnosed with Aspergers. I took a personality and general mental health test by a professional psychologist and the results were tallied by a computer. I have schizoaffective disorder.I showed my results to my psychiatrist and she 's prescribed invega. My depression is gone, I laugh and tell jokes, I can think clearly now and my relationship with my husband has never been better. Thank you!
I am 28 and just had my 3rd child. I had the Mirena put in 8 weeks after giving birth. I didn 't experience any discomfort, my doctor, the nurse and I were having a conversation during insertion. I did not have any cramping probably because my doctor recommended that I take a pain killer an hour before the procedure. I don 't feel the strings they told me to look for but it has now been 3 days and I feel no side effects. I hope this helps someone make a decision to do this, it was a great choice for us.
Life-changing. I once thought I was doomed to a life of pain and suffering. Now that I 've been on Remicade for 3 years, I feel like a normal human being again. My disease has become a small part of my life and I don 't even think about it much anymore. I do seem to be slowly losing response. I had to increase the frequency of infusions and now I sometimes have minor symptoms around the time I am due for my next dose. I was nervous when I started this medicine because of the trips to the hospital for infusions and because my doctor at the time made it sound like a huge deal to be on this. I wish I had started it sooner!
I went 5 miserable years with undiagnosed, Hashimoto disease for which I was told it was all in my head &amp; prescribed synthroid &amp; antidepressants.   Now that I 'm on Armour, I have made significant improvements in my health &amp; I no longer have the  'brain fog ' &amp; chronic fatigue.
It works.
I have been taking Cialis  for 3 years now.  I am healthy, exercise, and not overweight.  The reason for adding Cialis to my daily vitamins is that my partner likes a daily intimate time.  With intimate time 5 to 6 days a week I fine that both of us have a very special time.  She knows I take it and has no problem with what I call my daily vitamin.  I see my cardiologist and have blood work yearly.  So far all lights are green and thumbs up.
Suboxone has saved mine and my wife 's life. I am so much happier now since I have been on Suboxone although I worry about coming off it, but I am so happy they have found something to help the people that struggle.
Had an endoscopy (w/biopsy) and colonoscopy (double adventure) yesterday. Not my first time having procedures but first trial with Prepopik. Much easier than expected. Started 1st pack around 5pm &amp; drank more than the 5 8oz clear liquids (rotated between chicken broth and Gatorade to balance off the sweet/salt cravings plus have extra electrolytes to avoid dehydration). The meds kicked in about an hr later and continued till around 10pm. Second dose at 1am. Had plenty to drink again. Doc recommended I take Gas-x (1 tablet after drinking the med). No cramping! Slept from 3-6am. Had mild headache (thought caffeine withdrawal or being hungry). My procedure was at 9am. Headache/nauseous till procedure but recovered fine! Would recommend meds.
I 've been on Junel Fe for about 6 months, I 'm 21, so far everything is good, I switched pills due to spotting for 60 days straight on a 90 day pills. Junel Fe give me hardly any cramps which is amazing because mine used to be so bad I would vomit and I have light to no periods during brown pill week. I did however notice I want to eat 24/7 (which I can control) and my mood swings are little more severe...sex drive and acne wasn 't affected.
For anyone experiencing nausea and upset stomach, I went through the same thing for the first 2 weeks, which made me almost give up on it.  I asked my doctor for a script for an anti-nausea, and  I started taking that(Zofran), with a pepto bismol tablet immediately before I gave the injection,  It did the trick and I was able to continue on with increasing my dose. I did have to take a Zofran and pepto bismol for about a week before I was fine without it.  However, I 've lost 15 pounds in about. month, but for the past month I haven 't lost anything, nor gained. Has anyone gotten over the platteau?  I 've been on it for 2 months
My focus and energy increased immensely. I did a 4 to 6 page research final paper in 3 days. I finally can focus on tasks and not spend hours and hours on one task because I dosed off and daydream. I also did a 13 page AP English within 9 days. I 'm glad I decided to take Adderall XR at the end of high school and now I will be taking it while I 'm in college. Is it a cognitive enhancer which is said a lot ABSOLUTELY NOT. It doesn 't make you smarter, it doesn 't improve your thinking, and it doesn 't improve your memory. It just do what its suppose to do and helps you focus. The bad thing is that it is hard to sleep.
Prevacid has greatly improved my day and night living.
I 'm glad to hear after I have tried all other medicines others like me find Fioricet to be the most effective. I have taken as needed for about 17 yrs .. just relief from my headaches.
Hi, wanted to add a post to help convince those who do not know clonidine yet that it 's the best thing ever. I 'd been using heroin for years before switching to methadone. It was fairly easy to taper 5mg at a time until 20mg, where it became more and more painful/stressful - I 'm now at 4mg.  I didn 't have a clue about clonidine until two months ago, I looked it up on the internet and talked about it with my physician and he prescribed it to me. Then, the miracle happens: I switch from 5mg to 4mg, and 48h later at withdrawal symptoms onset I only had to take 0,5mg of clonidine to avoid ALL withdrawal symptoms. I had no sweats, no anxiety, no chills, no pins and needles, no trashy feeling... TRY IT, no side effects noticed.
Not going for two days due to travelling and interrupted routine can really be a problem but two large glasses of water with one tablespoon each produces positive results within 30 min. every time. Just keep close to a bathroom for 2-3 hrs.
It took a few months for it to start to settle in, I think, but  total game changer. 6 months ago I was in an awful state due to undiagnosed OCD &amp; depression. Started going to therapy and taking prozac and now it feels like I 'm standing on more solid ground. I haven 't felt this good in years and feel silly for my past apprehension at trying SSRIs.Only side effects I 've noticed are I 'm a bit sleepy throughout the day and I 'm having vivid dreams most nights (never remembered my dreams before taking prozac) but no complaints about the latter. Recently bumped up to 30 mg after being on 20 for a few months to try and kick the last of the obsessive thoughts. Really couldn 't recommend enough. I can only hope this keeps working.
I weigh 200 lbs and took 3 tabs, 5mg each, at 4 p.m.  By 9 p.m. I started feeling mild discomfort.  By 10 p.m. I had first action which was consistency and mass of normal bowel movement.  Hooray.  At 4 a.m. I had second action which had watery consistency and about half of the mass of first action.  Afterwards, I had several smaller actions, each watery and a bit gassy, about an hour apart, a small discomfort but great results overall.  Pick start time carefully. 
It seems the only relief I have gotten has been with Percocet along with muscle relaxers and Neurontin for bee sting pain associated with the nerves.
I woke up with a cold sore..no tingling warning, went to Walgreen 's in my pj 's lol..I took  $20 got to Walgreen 's $22.99 ' so I had to write a check I said this must be good it was locked up.. Used it immediately, after three days its almost GONE! For me it worked and worth every cent.
Have not had sleep for two nights because of terrible cough. Took Mucinex D today at 2 pm and felt good. Like a new person. It 's now 11 pm and cough is back so another night of no sleep. Do I take another Mucinex D at 2 am? Don 't know if it will keep me awake or not. Choice: continue coughing with no sleep or no coughing with no sleep! 
I have had a great experience with this medicine. I sleep through the night on it, wake up rested and free of any hangover, and it doesn 't knock me out like benedryl does. I feel like I get a natural sleep. I 've never experienced the night time issues that some have mentioned and have never experienced nightmares or vivid dreams as I have with other medicines.
There are times my allergies cause a dizzy / full feeling (even though I may not be nasally congested)- R-Tanna was the ONLY medication that would alleviate those symptoms. I too have heard they are no longer producing this product and can no longer refill it.
Lost 8 pounds after 7 weeks on Belviq with no pain because I lost my cravings for sweet and chocolate! Never hungry anymore. Piece of cake! I wish I could have that wonderful pill years ago.
Wonderful medicine when used properly.  Saved my life, helped my depression. Improved quality of life 100%.   PS: To everyone still feeling badly after getting off of methadone, I think you are depressed and need treatment. Please see your doctor.  There is no reason to go through life feeling sick all the time.
I started Ortho Tri-Cyclin Lo when I turned 18; used it for about 3 years until my cycles started showing up whenever they wanted. My doctor switched me to Sprintec, which was a constant dose of hormone as opposed to the increasing dose like OTCL. Sprintec turned me into an absolutely CRAZY person; my emotions were out of control and my doc seemed to think there was no problem at all. I took myself off of the meds for about 6 months trying to rebalance my system and found a new doctor. My new doctor diagnosed me with PCOS and suggested Lo Loestrin Fe. She told me there was a good chance that my period would go away entirely and asked if I was ok with that. BEST DECISION I EVER MADE! Spotted ONCE since starting it in Nov 2014--no more cycle!
I have been taking xolair for 5 years now. It is an amazing medicine. I only have one fully developed lung so I had asthma pretty bad. I am also allergic to elm trees so I would get hives and itching alot when I was outside. No more trips to er anymore and I can go outside and not have to wear jackets in summer due to the trees giving me hives. I have had no side effects so far. All I know is this drug works for me. It has changed my life.
Bipolar 2(now 65) with years of trying every mood disorder medicine around until Lamotrigine was recommended for Bipolar 2. Felt back in my  'own ' skin again after 20 years of  'enduring ' life. On 200mg twice daily takes a while to adjust dose so please be patient..it gave me back my life!
I have used this in the past, due to taking antibiotics after having a tooth pulled. I am 14 weeks pregnant, and day one is the worse. I was on fire for about 15 minutes, then i started reading people 's post on here, and after laughing so hard, the burning is gone. This is my second time having to use this and I 'm 31years old. I know it 's not funny to have a YI, but I got a good chuckle out of the fact I 'm not the only one on fire over here. Thanks. Product clears infection in 3 days.
The information here is easy to read and understand for non-medical folks. Thanks!
This medication  has helped me out alot. My blood pressure  and palpitations are under control. I feel tired for the first few hours after I take the medication.....but it gets better as the day goes on.
I noticed a difference after the first pill. Things are back to normal now.
I am on this medication for generalized anxiety and panic disorder. Even though it says it is an antidepressant, I have used this with great success in reducing my daily anxiety. I am currently on a 30mg dose and it seems to have levelled me out pretty well. The only side effect I would complain about is the insomnia BUT it gets better after about 6 weeks. I went many nights being able to fall asleep only to wake up a few hours later and be wide awake unable to return to sleep. I began using melatonin at night, and after about 6 weeks I have had a much easier time with sleep. I can make you a bit lethargic during the day, but nothing I am unable to handle. With minor side effects and help with the anxiety, I highly recommend.
Under the supervision of a psychiatrist I ran the gambit of SSRIs   from Prozac to Zoloft with only mild improvements. Cymbalta proved at 120mgs to be wonderful. My insurance was a buzzkill by limiting me to 60mgs but we tried Celexa as an adjunct with similar but not total benefit. Taken with breakfast the change within an hour is dramatic, and missing a dose or two is traumatic. My only anxiety now is God forbid I am ever to go without my Cymbalta. It helped me through 10 chemo sessions, especially with the resulting neuropathy. Perhaps it will fall to a tier 1 med and I can resume 120mgs... There is hope.
I 'm a 13 year old boy who has been experiencing major back acne. I tried Epiduo on my back which just made it worse. My dermatologist has prescribed me Atralin at night and Duac in the morning. I 've been doing this for about a month and my back has never looked better. And I 'm glad Atralin has permanent results.
I take this medicine for weight loss only. I am not a diabetic...lost about 20lbs in about four months. The first month saw the most weight loss. I now lose about 4-6 lbs a month. I am happy that I am still losing weight...the only side effect I have had is a random headache but that started when I upped my dosage to 1.8. Yes, the medicine came with some side effects, all drugs do...but you need to take it so see what side effects you may have since everybody is difference. Then you need to out weigh the pros and cons. For me I will put up with the random headache to keep losing the weight.
My 13 month old son had been battling ear infections for 8 weeks. He was placed on an oral antibiotic and within a week of finishing them it would return. I looked up home remedies and tried them all. Hesitate to put him on another round due to my 5 year old having C.diff cause of taking too much antibiotics. (If you don 't know what c.diff is look it up. Very common after multiple rounds of antibiotics. Extremely painful and ended up with ambulance ride and 5 days in the hospital) After no sleep and nothing working I returned to the doctors office and voiced my concern with antibiotics cause of my daughter. They had recommended a shot of Rocephin today and to return in 2 days for another 1. With 5 hours he 's back to his normal self.
I had a goiter in my teens that was treated with radioactive iodine, I 've been on synthroid for almost ten years, having trouble finding the right dose, I was on 125mcg for a few years but my TSH jumped around a lot, last time I checked it was around 30, so not good, I decided to try 150mcg at first I had a bit of insomnia but otherwise I felt great, going to find out on Saturday if it 's been working as good as I thought, I ran out 3 days ago... and I 've already gained a bit of weight (looks like I 'm bloated) and woke up this morning depressed, oh well I get more on Saturday
About a year ago I lost 8 pounds in 1 week, two pounds more the next week. I couldn 't sleep and constantly felt nauseous. My doctor ran every test under the sun and came back with only one conclusion:  panic attacks and severe anxiety. After I got past my initial thoughts of thinking he must be a total idiot, I asked for Lexapro.  I did 5 mg the first week, moving up to 10 the week after.  As my MD warned, the anxiety initially increases, so keep the Xanax handy. Two weeks into it I started having longer and longer periods of normalcy. Then, on week three it 's like it suddenly stopped and sent me into a tailspin right back to where I started from. My Pscyh told me to go to 20mg because I didn 't have quite enough. Worked like a charm!
hi guys, so I had sex May 5th around 1:00am( unprotected) and he used the pull out method, guys its really dumb and the stress isn 't worth it-  use protection, precum can get you pregnant! I freaked out because I realized I was ovulating, and bought plan b about 15 hours later. I was in a rush and took it with soda (it doesn 't effect it) I got my period right on time, but those 6 days were torture, use protection to save sleepless nights, don 't over research because you will convince yourself you 're pregnant, it works guys
I 've suffered from constipation my whole life and rarely have a movement on my own accord. My sister in law introduced me to these babies a while ago, suggested I took four as she does. 6 hours after my dose and I was ready to kill her, I suffered big time. Cramps were bloody awful and the sweats were about the same. I successfully went to the toilet many times that night and it worked better than anything the doctors have prescribed. I lowered the dose to three tablets as two didn 't work. I take four when really backed up. They can be a little unpredictable, sometimes they take 6 hours sometimes they take 16, sometimes I sit in the toilet and pray for death other times It 's a walk in the park. They do work though.
I successfully quit on day 6 and stayed for over a year and half with Chantix. I did have a few side effects nausea had to take half doses after day 8, vivid but pleasant dreams and constipation but not sure if that was withdrawal or the Chantix. I recently started back smoking around the anniversary of my husband 's passing and started Chantix again 3 days ago. I can already tell the want and desire to smoke is fading and the taste is yuck. I would highly recommend Chantix to anyone that is SERIOUS about quitting.
I have tried a countless number of remedies and Zomig is the only thing that has worked for me.  I do have a couple of side effects to mention. Sensitive skin (pain to the touch), tingling in my extremities achey joints and muscles and excessive urination. Although these side effects don 't happen everytime I use it.  Zomig has been a miracle for me, I have suffered migraines for 18 years.  I can live with the side effects and only hope my migraines will go away with menopause like the doctors have told me.
I have been take this for about 3 weeks and have lost 13 pound I really can tell its help me with my craving and I 'm also doing the scale down program and its make me aware of my food choice daily . I know this isn 't magic pill but I 'm in my late 40 's and need  that extra push in the right direction ...
I 've been on Nuvaring since May and I love it. It regulated my periods after Depo made me bleed for 6 months. I get a little breast tenderness, but nothing that doesn 't happen during a normal monthly cycle, without birth control. I still want to switch to something more long term, but if it doesn 't work, I 'll be back to the Nuvaring.
I took trinessa for 3 month and it was driving me crazy. This was my first time ever taking birth control and my experience was awful! My mood swings was very bad, I had slight depression, emotional problems, I just got married and I didn 't want my husband to touch me, and vaginal discharge all the time is was grossing me out! No weight gain and my period was on point! But I will never ever go back to this again!
Started Tamiflu within 36 hours of symptoms and felt so much better within 48 hours. My symptoms originally didn 't include nausea and that didn 't change after starting Tamiflu, although I did take the pills with a little in my stomach.  I 'd take it again.
Great works at almost every type of itching
Let me first say that I really enjoyed smoking! I smoked a pack a day from the time I was 16 yrs old to age 41. Never thought I could or would EVER stop smoking. Until I experienced cramping in my &quot; right&quot; arm, felt like a constant charlie horse. Decided I did not want to have a stroke at age 41. It only took about 2 1/2 months to never want to light up again. Using this nic. inhaler....I did it! So wonderful not to be controlled by an addiction! Please give this a try...to stay on earth a bit longer for your loved ones!Blessed in Maine! You CAN do it!
I was first given this birth control when I lived in the UK (under the name of Microgynon 30) for my severe Endometriosis. I take a pill every night and do not take any inactive pills for the week you usually have your period. Since I take Levlen everynight, I have stopped my period and no longer have one. Bliss! I have no more Endo pain or any associated side effects. Even though I have been thrown into &quot;medically controlled menopause&quot;, I have no menopausal symptoms such as hot flashes, vaginal dryness and so on. For the first two months I had break through bleeding, but now going on 2 years I have none. I have had a wonderful experience with this birth control and it has completely made my Endometriosis symptoms disappear.
Very smooth mood stabilizer, no side effects. I take 1200 mg/d.
I use Yasmin 28 for both acne and birth control, and it has been a life-saver! My PCP put me on Tri-Lo Sprintec, and I broke out horribly before it got better. I had new whiteheads on my cheeks and other places I had never broken out before. Right when my skin started clearing up after a few months, my OBGYN put me on Yasmin and said since it was a monophasic pill, it would work better for my skin and needs. I haven 't had a new zit in about 3 weeks. I also have not had any of the side effects other than moodiness, and I do get thirsty and have dry mouth after taking it, but those are minor compared to acne! I definitely recommend this.
Hello All,I initially got put on Wellbutrin for my anxiety and depression. I 'm taking the SR one once a day and I have been on it for less than a week. I have to say I have felt amazing. I am someone that is extremely active and I had always tried to be conscious of my diet, but I struggled with binge eating. I would eat healthy for 4 days and binge for 3. I 'd feel awful and start over EVERY monday. It was really getting out of hand honestly and contributing to my mental state. I am 24 years old, 5 '4 and my normal weight for my activity level was always 120. I got all the way up to 150 and could not understand why. In almost a week I 've lost 5lbs its just falling off me now. I feel happy again and in control of my emotions and eating.
I was given this medicine when I woke up and my jaw was locked shut. I have TMJ issues and this was the second time it has happened. The first time I was given Robaxin and I had an allergic reaction. Regardless of the allergic reaction (hives) I feel like cyclonenzapine works way better than Robaxin. 45 min after taking it I was able to open my jaw and eat! I 'm not sure if it is helping with the pain because I am taking it with hydrocodone 5/300 but it is doing wonders allowing my jaw to open!!! Defiantly recommend this over Robaxin! Also, it makes me tired. Can 't drive on it but I don 't get so tired that I have to sleep. I can still get stuff done but I wouldn 't risk driving!!! Zero side effects besides drowsiness A++
2017 marks my 21st year on Ultram.  Initially it was prescribed for migraines. I was later diagnosed with fibromyalgia, and continued on Ultram, as it eased the stiffness and difficulty of movement.  Soon enough I needed more than prescribed.  My doctor  took it away for 8 horrific months.  Withdrawal never let up. Weakness, crying, vomiting, MDD.  I used those 8 months for research, eventually coming up with proof that Ultram was the drug of choice for FMS. My doctor gave it back in a lower dose, and a different medication to control withdrawal. Next step was bloodwork in a genetics lab. I metabolize Ultram 4x faster than average. Now I 'm over 50, using Ultram as a mood stabilizer.  It can be psychologically addictive;  caveat emptor!
I am 25 years old married and since my daughter was born 2 years ago I 've slowly been feeling less like myself. Most recently I 've been irritable, low sex drive with Erectile Dysfunction and more emotional about things that used to not bother me. So I went to my doctor and low and behold was diagnosed with low testosterone. He prescribed me Fortesta. To be honest I was pretty skeptical. I figured it would take a week or 2 to feel anything. But I was really surprised at how quick I felt a difference. Granted I 'm only on day two but I can definitely feel a difference in my mood and my gym time was more fulfilling than usual. I haven 't tested it out in the bedroom yet but my sex drive has also been better than usual. I 'm really looking forward to the weeks to come.
AH-mazing! I used this as a little girl for a muffler burn (2nd and 3rd degree). It healed without even leaving a scar. I am using it now for burns suffered from falling into an outdoor propane heater; 2nd degree burns on my back and forearm. I am praying for the same amazing results! This medication is a God send.
I had unprotected sex on Friday and bought and took the pill on Sunday. I finally started my period 7 days later but prior to starting my period, my appetite increased like crazy! Hope this helps
Definitely identified and treated multiple pre cancerous lesions on my face. Down side was a cold sore at corner of mouth and extremely irritated and burning lower lip even though medicine was never applied to mouth area
Zithromax works.  I see a lot of websites stating that bronchitis is usually caused by a virus.  The fact is, that although the triggering mechanism that brought on the bronchitis may be a virus, a secondary infection of bacteria is common. My entire family had bronchitis for several weeks.  Zithromax will get rid of it in most cases.  Don 't believe the nonsense that you don 't need antibiotics- after a couple of weeks of this, go get some Zithromax.  It works!
I started Chantix on 4-17-2014 and since 4-27-14 I have not smoked a cigarette in 5 whole days! Not even a drag. I feel like I have no desire to smoke but there are times where I do crave one and think to myself, I went this long without one or a drag so why ruin it, then I forget about it. I do miss smoking but its better for the long run. I am about to turn 27 and have been smoking for 15yrs. I did experience some constipation and a few times felt nauseous but as long as you eat before and definitely drink as much water as you can. I was hesitant on taking this medication because of the side effects, especially the dreams. I have not had any terrible dreams, I have been dreaming more but I enjoy them, they are very vivid. I recommend Chantix.
I am a senior citizen who has been on Restasis for 5 yrs.  It is so expensive that using it puts me in the medicare donut hole.  The drug company, Allergan, is unwilling to give me assistance in the form of samples and my dr 's office gave me two samples one time during the 5 yr. period and after that will not help.  I was refused two samples to get me through until Jan 1 when my new insurance year begins.  It costs $481.35 for a monthly supply so even though my copay is only $30, I am in the donut hole by August at the latest.  Allergan has a racket going on here at the expense of the patient. It 's not affordable even though it 's effective. Totally unfair, corrupt company.
I started Phentermine end of October of 2015 and ran on my treadmill 2x a day. I got hurt and wasn 't able to workout for about 2 months. It is now May 2016 and I only take Phentermine every other day and I lift weights 2x a day and I have went from 227lbs. Xl shirts, and a size 18/20 in pants to now 166lbs. Medium shirts, and a size 10 in pants. I only drink water unless we go to the movies I 'll share a sprite with my daughter. Drink smooties and eat a nutri grain bar for breakfast. Skip lunch and eat dinner with my kids before 6 most of the time. I LOVE IT!! I 'm also on a anti depressant that makes me gain weight so I 'm doing pretty good at keeping it off and losing more.
Degenerative Disc Disease-Lower Back and other age/arthritis related pain: Was on Vicodin (hydrocodone and acetaminophen) for 5 years, which helped some. Then on to Oxycodone for several months, which helped a little more but had side effects of nausea, stomach upset (acid reflux), difficulty thinking (euphoria), and quick tolerance and dependence. Now, after 3 full months of methadone, 10mg tablet three times per day orally; my pain is well managed, no problems with thinking (no  'high '), no nausea, or stomach upset. Tolerance has been small. Methadone is a powerful opiate analgesic and I did build up a strong dependency (WD 's after a day or two of reduced (50%) dosing), but no interdose WD 's with normal dosing. DANGER! OD will kill!
It works.
I went to the doctor Tuesday after feeling a sore throat Monday morning. Tuesday I woke up with white puss on my tonsils, couldn 't swallow at all (felt like I was swallowing glass), and was going through hot and cold flashes and had to go to my doctor immediately. I tested negative for strep throat. I was put on amoxicillin for three days, and nothing worked. I went back on Friday, had a shot of prednisone as well as a prescription for it lasting 9 days along with Avelox. I woke up Saturday morning and felt 80 percent better. I am so glad that I had the chance to take this medicine and highly endorse it.
I have had two kids, don 't know if that effects insertion pain but it was literally a pinch, like when they take blood from your finger tip, not as horrible as some people are leading on. I had very light cramping for a few days and my periods became sporadic for a few months. I don 't get a period anymore, might spot for one day every few months. I have not had one single problem with it. Its effortless. I don 't have to worry about taking anything, getting pregnant or my period for a solid 5 years. Its fantastic.
This medicine is great. I was diagnosed with sinusitis and could not breath at all through my nose. After taking Claritin D what a difference. I could breath again and finally could get a good nights sleep. It does give me dry mouth so I just drink more water.
Mitral Valve Prolapse - Keeps my heart rate down as I am prone to heart attacks and aneurysms due to the Mitral Valve.
I 've had the Implanon for a little over a year now. I love it! I have tried every birth control under the sun. The pill, the patch, the ring, and I had managed to find a way to forget, mess up, or skip each one of them. The Implanon has given me so much more freedom. The only side effects I 've had were a few months where I would bleed a little each day, but after about 6 months I haven 't had another period. I haven 't gained any weight and any moodiness was probably something I would have experienced without all the hormones. I recommend it.
A couple of years ago, I was introduced to Victoza and had a horrible experience with it and stopped taking it.  During this time, my doctor instructed me to take it with my Metformin thinking it would help me lose weight.  A couple of years later,  l found that the Metformin was causing me complications. I changed doctors and my new doctor recommended Victoza again.  This time without using Metformin or any other diabetes medication. Reluctantly, I tried it and to my surprise,  I have had great results.  I no longer have cravings for sweets and my appetite has changed drastically. I have zero side effects.    In 3 weeks, I have lost nearly 15 pounds.  In September 2015, I will have my a1c checked again and praying for better A1c.
I absolutely love this medication. I am prescribed 1mg 4 times daily and it helps me so much with my anxiety. I was switched from lorazepam to Clonazepam, and the Clonazepam helps so much more than the lorazepam did. It truly helps me get by with everyday life.!
Relieved neck spasms and akathisia from antipsychotics
I went to a clinic to get treated for my bronchitis and sinuses!  I usually get the Z-pack but this nurse practitioner decided to put me on this antibiotic instead! I am highly allergic to amoxicillin since birth so I can&rsquo;t use that.  I was warned by the pharmacist that this medication has side affects and a 2% chance of having a allergic reaction so I purchased some Benadryl just in case.  The nurse practitioner who prescribed me this med told me it 2x a day for 10 days every 12 hours and eat something with it such as yogurt or a probiotic.  I don&rsquo;t have and side affects like everyone else from the reviews I read! I don&rsquo;t have any headaches! I shall see how it works!
Have been on Dabrafenib and Mekinist combined for 2 weeks. Melanomas have reduced in size and blood test results were good. Hoping it continues but it is only early days for me. Nausea, pain, itchiness. Taking antihistamines. Melanomas in spine so pain expected.
I 'm 66 and on a fixed income so Viagra is, for the most part, out of the question at almost $40 a pill. There is no generic here in the US so i got curious and looked up Viagra on a few of the Rx websites. The one common thread in all the descriptions of Viagra was that the active ingredient is sildenafil. I ran to the urologist 's office and got a script for sildenafil. Even he wasn 't sure it was the active ingredient in Viagra. Well, to say the least, my wife is now two very happy women. I reported the results back to my urologist and he thanked me and said he would be suggesting it to all his patients who are taking Viagra.
I have had 11 Orencia injections now and have found the drug to be extremely beneficial for myself. Overall there has been a marked improvement with my rheumatoid arthritis.  The infusion actually works up until the last few days and then I experience an increase in aching, swelling and pain.  In comparison to all other drugs, and believe me I have tried just about all of them, this has been a  'wonder drug '. For approximately three days after having the injection, I experience extreme tiredness, but once that passes, I am able to return to work and carry out normal everyday activities; e.g housework and gardening.  Prior to this medication I was unable to do general gardening.  
Works for me!  I spent a full year with horrible headaches, ear pain, fullness, ringing.  I told the doctor my face hurt, my head hurt, my NOSE hurt!  I finally ended up with a sinus infection, antibiotics, and it all went away for a while, but when it came back, I went back to the doctor and told her my infection was back....she said no, I think you have allergies.  Claritin, Flonase, give it a month and see if you feel better...and I did!  I added saline nasal spray and a humidifier to keep nasal tissue moist, and I 'm down to 2-3 headaches a week at high pollen season, ears mostly behave themselves.  Inside my nose will get sore and dry if I forget the saline, but otherwise no side effects.  Thanks Flonase!
Really did the trick for my migraine with no side effects.  Tastes terrible but I 'll take that over a migraine any day!
I have suffered from Anxiety and Panic attacks since my 20 's sporadically. Now in my 40 's recurrence has significantly increased due to a series of personal events to a point that I was starting to be afraid of being alone.  I was hesitant to initiate medication but 3 weeks into it I feel the best I have felt in a long time. The first two weeks are tough, with nausea, dizzyness and headaches but it is worth it.
The first week I took Adipex I lost 10 pounds, it helped that I ran every morning but I was always edgy. I would work work work and had no desire to eat. Best diet pill so far. I 've read that it 's habit forming so I plan on taking it 3 weeks on and 2 weeks off and I must say that I agree with the person who said when you are off the medication it makes you want to eat eat eat. The best thing to do is probably prepare for your withdrawal by equipping yourself with only low fat foods every where in your house so that you are not gaining every thing back. By the way.. WATER/hydration is a must!
Several times my heart went into palpitations due to over-exercise or stress; within 4 hours my heart returned to normal.
I suffered from acne since a teen and nothing ever worked. At 22 I wanted to give up. I tried minocycline before and it didnt work. The dermatologist gave it to me while I wanted the month before I went on Accutane. It ended up working this time. I still get two to three small pimples a month and I still have a ton of scarring on my cheeks, but I don 't even care. My face is smooth and feels amazing. I started taking 100mg twice a day but I am trying 100mg once a day to try and ween my body off so hopefully I can stop and the acne wont come back. It has been about 4 months since I started taking it. It does take time, but once it started working about the 6 week in, my face was clear.
This stuff is the bomb.   As soon as I get any feeling like a cold sore I apply it and boom it goes away!  I have prescription pills to get rid of it but don 't see the point taking meds when this does the trick!
As with almost every form of birth control, there are side effects with the patch. However, in my case I really feel that the side effects I 've had are totally tolerable. I 've been using Ortho Evra for about 3 years and have had some occasional breast tenderness and really occasional spotting. I do notice that I break out in week 3 and am pretty moody in week 4. It 's really convenient for those of us who aren 't &quot;religious&quot; with pills. Thus far I am a happy camper.
I was put on Nuvaring after trying several different pills that didn 't work for me (weight gain, irritability, headaches) and the Nuvaring has been amazing! I did gain about 5-10 pounds and my boobs got bigger, but it was worth it because I didn 't have many other side effects. The first month I cramped a bit, but it gets better! To insert the ring, I take out the cotton from a tampon and put the Nuvaring in the tampon applicator and insert it that way and it 's so much easier than trying to manipulate the ring with your hands. I recommend the Nuvaring to all of my friends that are miserable on the pill
This has been the first birth control method that I haven 't had a poor reaction to.  My moods have been regular and I 've experience no abnormal bleeding.  My breast have gotten a bit larger which is nice, but they are somewhat sore. Also, I 've gotten a few stray pimples but nothing too concerning.  Overall this has been a great option for me and I would recommend it to anyone seeking a new form of birth control.
Recently got back on birth control after many years of not being on it. This pill is okay. It 's a contraceptive and does its job, but it wasn 't the pill for me. Easy to take by mouth, no big deal. But, the side effects for me were: I would headaches after taking the pill and sometimes randomly during the day. Also, the third week i started the new color, my emotions were off the wall. I wasn 't eating properly and was over thinking EVERYTHING. I asked to switch &amp; now will be trying the generic version. Just because this pill wasn 't for me, doesn 't mean it is for someone else.
I was having hot flashes at least twice per hour and afer two weeks they were gone. I rarely get one now. I also wasn 't sleeping at all, now I sleep like a rock through the night, I was also extremely moody, crying at the drop of a hat, that has decreased by at least 50% now. I 've been on Duavee now for about three months. I feel so much better!
I 've taken Doxycycline continually since 2006, have tried to stop it or use substitute medication usually ending up with admission to hospital. Nasty disease, in my case diagnosed after 29 years. But I 'm still alive, not kicking so much maybe.And friendly advice ....read the instructions first, must be taken after food and you simply cannot spend time out in the sun.
I was 20 almost 21 when it was put in. Previously had NuvaRing for 5 years. they were out of numbing med, I said I still wanted to go through with it. It did hurt (no numbing meds). I felt the insertion which made me almost faint. Advice-eat something. I starved myself that day and it made things worse. I went home, didn 't want to eat. Can 't have a bath for a few days so shovered with hot water. Worst cramps. Ifor had some bad period cramps but I took pain meds and slept most of it off, been 10 months since, still best decision, no periods really spotting very rare for me.  Only paid for the test they have to run during insertion. Which was 40. Insurance covered the whole thing. Waited a week to have sex. Fine since, more sex drive
I have the nexplanon which because I once had the implanon and loved it and was told this was the newer version. This time around I have spotting that last for quite a few days it 's not a steady flow as where with the implanon I had no period at all. But this doesn 't stop my everyday routine or isn 't to bothersome. I I had it in since November 2015 other than acne increase I have no complaints.
I have been on Tri-Sprintec for 4 months now and it is great.  I had been on Ortho Tri-cyclen Lo before, but switched because it was so expensive.  I have had absolutely no problems with either pill.  No headaches, no nausea, no weight gain, no breakout problems, and best of all no pregnancy.  On Tri-Sprintec my periods are slightly shorter than they used to be, and I hardly have any cramps now, whereas without birth control pills I had terrible cramps for the first two days of my period.  I am not moody, either.  I would recommend this pill to anyone currently on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo, or anyone at all for that matter.
I loved it!!!!
Voltaren 1% gel was prescribed for my elderly (92 year old) friend for foot pain.  She had a negative reaction to the first application and would not try it again.  In desperation and since I have a type of neuropathy in my feet and cannot fall asleep, I applied 1/2 the dosage she was prescribed.  To my surprise it allows me to fall asleep at night without the pain and discomfort in my feet.  I will be seeing my doctor to get this prescribed for me!  I have been looking for relief for over 5 years!
Effexor XR has saved my life twice.  The side effect was major weight gain, but, sad as that was, it was worth it after trying several other drugs that did not work.  The withdrawal is tough, but done easily if you just keep reducing your dose.  The first time I went off of it was cause it was making me depressed again, even at the smallest does.  But, 3 or 4 years later, when I once again sunk into a deep depression, it was the only thing that could get me out.  I 've been on 150 mg one year.
I started taking phentermine 37.5 on Feb 21 my starting weight was 205 I went back to my one week check because I have high blood pressure on Feb 28th I weighted 199 so in seven saying had lost 6 lbs it 's a good start so I started my second week 2/28/2012 went to the gym and did 40 mins cardio had lots of energy and I 'm going to the gym 3 times a week I still eat the same just smaller portions and I don 't eat after 6:30 pm ( mini goal 1 -194lbs by  3/6/2021).
I have been taking 25 micrograms of Levothyroxine now for 6 months, since my diagnosis and I feel pretty good. I have more energy, I don 't have any side effects, I am breathing better and my TSH has gone down to 1. I really like this medication and I am thankful for it. My memory is better too.
I first had my period when I was 10 and never had a month went by where I don 't get dysmenorrhea, a really painful I 'm almost dying kind of pain. I 've been taking it every time I get my period and had always been worked. I 'm 23 now and it still works for me, I 've never used anything else.
I didn 't realize how much Paxil helped with my panic disorder until my doctor tried to ween me off of it (I am bipolar, and SSRI 's can cause mania), but now after a couple weeks of weening, I am having severe panic attacks. So yes, Paxil does work for panic disorder.
Only thing that works for me.
I got Levora at planned parenthood for free and it 's definitely the best thing I 've ever gotten for free! I experience no significant side effects. Cramps are less intense than before, much more bearable and almost nonexistent, lasting only a few hours before period-- and that 's all. The first two months were a bit erratic with mood swings, but have since balanced significantly. Acne is unchanged and normal for me as a 17 y/o (which is why I also believe that this pill works tremendously better for me than other women); weight gain was minimal, only about 5 pounds, but my weight fluctuates usually between 120 and 130 now, whereas before the pill, fluctuation was between 116 and 120. I eat more than I used to, but this is intentional.
have been on Valtrex for about a year on suppressive therapy.  works like a charm. no outbreaks. noo side effects. i feel so much better about this.
I started taking Prozac (10mg) a couple of months ago and I feel like a different person - in a good way. Before, I felt like I could not control my angry outburst. I no longer rage. I feel much more positive. I no longer obsessively think about people I am angry with. I feel capable of letting things go! I don 't create hostility where there is none anymore. Prozac has been wonderful. I 'm really glad I started taking it.
I 've decided this was the best option for me. I got Implanon in 2011, it was put in too deep. I was a little worried but not too much. I experienced mood swings but have experienced it most of my adult life. My breast hurt when I first got it and I experienced nausea while hungry. I never once worried if I were pregnant. Here on my second go, I learned about the improvements. Nexplanon doesn 't allow the implant to be put in &quot;too deep&quot;. I still have terrible nausea when I 'm hungry but I 've learned how to manage it the best way I can. I 'm eating a lot more but I 've also cut back on the amount I move so I can 't be sure. Periods are off once it 's put in, more regular now. I can plan my family when I 'm ready.
I have a regular cycle with no spotting. I did have some weight gain in the belly area but it helps with pimples and my PMS is better. I would recommend this pill.
They gave this to my child since he got 2 toenails infected with fungus. (I think he got it on vacation) anyways he was using this and it was working miracles so definitely push the Dr to give you this. Of course your liver has to be good.
My son was born with multiple life-threatening allergies (1989). EpiPen saved his life numerous times as a child. The good Lord healed these allergies when he was 7 and subsequently didn 't need an EpiPen.  However, in college, three new allergies surfaced; freshwater fish, seafood, and Latex. At present, an EpiPen is part of his normal everyday attire. He is a Chef and clips it to his trousers for immediate use. He has had to self-inject a number of times. This easy-to-use, life-saving medicater is priceless! My son is alive today because of EpiPens and I HIGHLY endorse it 's use. I carry my own EpiPen for bee stings. Fortunately, have not had to use yet! But, I am definitely prepared!
I started taking Prozac 9 weeks ago after Mirtazapine stopped working. I was suffering with bad OCD, anxiety and panic attacks on a daily basis. When I first started on the medication, I thought it would be a miracle drug, however the side effects were horrendous. For 7 solid weeks I was a mess, I was depressed (I dont even suffer with depression) I was crying at my desk all the time, I had horrible thoughts, crippling anxiety, would not leave my house or talk to anyone the only thing that would get me through the day was Diazapam.I am on 40mg and after 7 weeks it was like a light turned on and I have been  'normal ' for 2 weeks straight, I am so happy I stuck with it. I know it 's hard but trust me it 's worth it.
Hypertriglycerides  450 - 500.  Exercise, weight loss and diet change made little difference.  Started Vascepa four months ago. It lowered my bad numbers by 50%. I feel better than I have in past 10 years. Side benefits: My skin is smooth and softer with fine lines reduced and I seem to have more energy.  I highly, highly recommend Vascepa.
I started taking Toprol XL 100mg one week ago.  My Blood Pressure and pulse are much better.  125/75 and 75 pulse compared to 160/100 and 100 pulse.  The only problem I am noticing is my sleep.  I am not sleeping sound.  I toss and turn all night.  Something I guess I will get use to.  Other than that it is keeping me calmer, my heart is not racing nor is my head pounding. I have had HBP for 12 years and tried many kinds of medications.  I am hoping the new cardiologist is on the right track!
I am completely satisfied with this medication. Celexa has improved my life drastically. Not only did it help with my depression, it also helped with my anxiety and facial flushing which led me to live a normal life again. If you suffer from depression or anxiety, go to the doctor ASAP! You will not regret getting the help you need.
I have been on the patch since my hysterectomy four years ago. I have gradually decreased the dosage and have tried to get off it totally. I am on the lowest dose now and after trying another time to stop, I had hot flashes.  The only downside to the patch is that it is large and beige but it works!!
I had my first series of three shots in 2015. What a relief I received from them.  I am bone on bone with 2 spurs in my left knee.  My first set of shots lasted almost 20 months with little pain.  I just completed my 2nd series of 3 shots and the knee is already feeling better.  My doctor said that about half of the people get relief with the shots, but I feel it is worth a shot to see if you in that 50% who get relief.
I had clinical depression/anxiety for years. Worsened terribly after having 1st baby at 33. I was extremely fatigued, couldn 't start or finish easy tasks, totally overwhelmed, cried constantly - major post-partum depression. Was prescribed Adderall, Wellbutrin and Zoloft. Been on all 3 for 1 year and am a completely new person. Adderall doesn 't exacerbate my anxiety; in fact, I am less anxious because I can concentrate and don 't feel exhausted, inadequate and unhappy. Might not work for all, but this combination is perfect for me. Upped blood pressure a bit, but still in normal range and monitored. Use with care with dose at start. I cut pills and take a bit at a time, always in the morning and only when needed during the rest of the day and never more than prescribed. I feel this lessens risk of dependency.
I was on day 2 of feeling flu symptoms, I went to the doctor and they prescribed Tamiflu for me. After just taking 3 doses, I feel so much better. I didn 't have any nausea.
Have been on Protonix for about 10 yrs. Recently was admitted to the hospital due to pancreatitis. I was vomiting non-stop for 4 days and could only get meds via I.V. during my 7 day stay. I found that Protonix I.V. seemed to work almost better at least worked faster and lasted 24hrs until my next dose the following day.
HC DERMA-PAX was my &quot;go to&quot; anti-itch Spray for alLergic reactions ranging from poison ivy to sycamore leaves.Where can I order this now?  Did they go out of business because they had something that worked?
I started on pramipexole hydrochloride 6 years ago and at first suffered from jerking all the time. My head would always jerk to the left, my shoulders would jerk up and down and my legs shook all the time if I stood still or sat down. The recommended dosage didn 't have any effect on the RLS at all and slowly the dose was raised. The jerking subsided after a few weeks and I was able to lead a happy life until a couple of months ago when it stopped working. It was wonderful for 6 years then over about a month it stopped having any effect whatsoever.
I have been on xanax  0.5 mg tablets twice a day for about 6 years due to a panic disorder.It has been fantastic.Then there was a time when i stopped them as I only used them when needed.It is comforting to know you have them just incase as they are fantastic to calm down anxiety.Since the onset of menopause my body just broke down into a million pieces and my anxiety went through the roof so once again I 'm taking 2 a day until this all settles back down .. I can recommend these tablets 100% they are amazing..Yay for XANAX
I have had Implanon since I had my daughter in March of 09. I have had no problems, not one.... no weight gain, no headaches, no pregnancy and most of all since then I have had 3-4 day periods!
I have had chronic cluster headaches for the past 6 years.  My doctor tried all the usual meds to no avail.  I did my own research and told him about trying Verapamil.  I am now cluster-free for the past 7 months!  Yes there are side effects (weight gain, sore neck for a couple weeks) but being that I was able to break the cycle at the lowest dosage (80mg 3x/day) I am beyond thrilled!
No side effects at all... wiped it out first day.
Tried several statins but both resulted in terrible muscle pain despite working to reduce both LDL and HDL levels.  After switching to Zetia, no more muscle pains while lowering my LDL and maintaining my HDL levels.
I agree with the other review.  This product has been a life saver for me.  It has completely taken away my other symptoms.  The only drawback for me is fatigue, but honestly I can live with it considering everything else that I am dealing with prior to taking this medication.
My son suffered 3 concussions back to back which left him in a zombie like state for several (7) years. He was not sad, per se, just in a state of chronic malaise coupled with chronic fatigue, i.e. not being able to stay awake more then 2 or 3 hours at a time. Finally, we were able to find a Doctor who was familiar with head injuries and the low level of dopamine that the victim is often left with. Wellbutrin is a dopamine and noradrenaline re-uptake inhibitor so it is really working great for our son. It was literally like flicking his switch back &quot;on&quot;.  Anyone who has not felt like their old self after even a minor concussion should consider using this medicine.
Have Full Meals with this medicine to keep your stomach safe.
Was previously taking Lisinopril at the highest dosage and still had blood pressure readings of 160/95. Bincar HCT 40/12.5 (Benicar combined with a diuretic called hydrochlorothiazide) is the only drug that has ever gotten my blood pressure fully under control (120/77 at doctor today). I take it with a banana or some orange juice in the morning to ensure my potassium levels don 't drop too low. I have no side effects with this pill, other than running to the restroom a bit more during the first couple of days I was taking the medication.
I 've been on Xolair for 4 months, 2 shots 1 time a month and now as I approach my 5 month. Doctor is talking about decreasing my Advair. I currently take 500 of Advair and have not had to use my rescue inhaler in a very long time. I was diagnosed with COPD about 6 years ago, but my symptoms have totally reversed themselves and I am doing very well. The Doctor tells me that I may only get down to 100 of Advair but I think my asthma is doing great. Xolair is a great medicine.
I have been on Victoza for quite a long while now.  I was between 278 and 287 pounds when I started and my blood sugar was not good.  I have been taking the Victoza well over a year now and am down to 215 pounds, quite amazing really as the medicine makes you not want to eat and you feel full with only a little food.However, the nausea is the worst and getting accustomed to the medicine is the hardest part.  Yes, you should not take Victoza on an empty stomach.  I had started taking it in the early mornings.  But sometimes even though I ate a little something, once the nausea started then up came everything I had ever eaten in my life. It happens really fast!  Just don 't give up the fight, the good is better than the bad!
My psychiatrist put me on gabapentin for my headaches and insomnia.  I was waking up in the middle of the night and having a hard time falling back to sleep.  This drug along with putting up heavy curtains to block all light and noise saved me.  My headaches are gone and I sleep normally now.  Good drug.
I finally talked my doctor into ordering Librax. I had heard about it before but never tried it....I have IBS, plus a bunch of unknown-cause bowel issues.....and the worst which is constant nausea.Bentyl helped with cramps, not with nausea. Tried other meds that didn 't work. My doctor suggested Donnatal.....not covered by insurance, and for one month it was over $700!! So frustrating!Then he agreed to the Librax....I was SO happy, flew to the pharmacy to get it........NOT covered either! I got half of the script for $75 to see if it worked, and it DOES! Actually took my nausea away and let me relax for the first time in days! Now have to try and get the money to get the refill when I need it. :(
My son has crohns and lost 30 lbs in 2.5 months. He took the medicine the doctor said to take but then he developed a fistula. I could tell he was in a lot of pain but yet he would not tell me what was going on. Both of us being very uneducated of this disease had no idea of the trouble he was headed towards. I made an appointment with the surgeon, the surgeon confirmed a fistula, and said he needed to take Remicade.My son has had four Remicade treatments and I have to say he was doing a lot better after the first treatment. It has been almost 9 months now and he is back to his average weight of 190. We are both afraid of the Remicade and we don 't talk about it very much at all but I do have to admit it has given my son his life back.
I just started phentermine on September 17th and was curious to see if i would lose maybe 1 pound in a day, get this! I 've lost 9 pounds in a day and a half! My eyes couldn 't believe it!!!! I know it 's probably water weight but that 's 9 pounds down! I took this medication last year and lost 63 pounds and gained all of it back but 8 pounds this is my second time around! I 'm wanting to make a lifestyle change this time around.. my starting weight was 283 lbs and now I 'm 274 pounds in one day .. CRAZY! BUT GOOD. as of side effects, I get dry mouth, can 't use the bathroom right, and get really hyped up! All I wanna do is run or walk! But hey that 's a great thing..
Been on Byetta for 2 years &amp; it is fine except the nausea in the morning after the injection so my doctor told me to have it 15 minutes before my breakfast &amp; it works wonders. No more nausea. I also have it 15 minutes before dinner also. My weight stays the same as I am not overweight.
Hi, this drug I feel seems to stabilise your mood/brain and does make you happy. Not like a drug , it corrects my brain to how I 'm meant to feel, (some people hopefully understand what I mean-rather than feeling down ,just want to be alone, quiet, low).  I think I had anxiety, mild depression &amp; insomnia. I feel more focused and feel my true self. I 'm 35, a professional, single fit and healthy. Death divorce boom. Just battled on, shattered, hiding my feelings until finally just giving this a chance. After 1 month I 'm on 100mg of pristiq a day and love how it 's giving me my life back!
Haven 't got period since device was put in (October 2015). I was told that 30% of woman will not get their peroid again....maybe I fall into the 30 percent??
This drug is incredible. I had trouble every time I drank orange juice or lemonade. When I take Nexium I can drink both without pain. It 's wonderful.
I have used the fentanyl patch in times past with very good success for the treatment of severe (7-9) range pain due to spinal injuries and deteriation. From my broad experience over the last ten years, I believe this to be the most effective medication. I got off it during a period of some symptom improvement and have been using methadone and percocet instead. I am now at a point that I am needing to resume the fentanyl. It is a very serious medication and I strongly suggest you don 't use it if you can get along with anything else. More than most others it requires a highly personalized approach to amount and timing of dosage so counsel with your pharmacist and doctor. Do NOT try to get off of this med without your Dr 's help.
Completely eradicated vagotinic atrial fibrillation. No side effects. I am a healthy, athletic, active male who has been diagnosed with lone vagotinic AF. I initially tried the &quot;pill in the pocket&quot; approach. I was so good at predicting my occurrences, I coordinated with my Doctor to use as prophylactic medication. I still have occasional PVC 's, but they are less frequent. So far a smashing success. Key point: talk with a cardiologist before embarking an any treatment!
Suffered from anxiety most of my life, then around 23 suffered a panic attack which caused me problems until my late 40 's when my doctor put me on Zoloft. Huge turnaround. Zero anxiety. While I don 't think I 'll ever forget the fear of panic attacks, I haven 't had one since, and can do most things I used to be afraid of, Long Bridges, Elevators, etc.
I 've been diagnosed with psoriatic arthritis (although I don 't get psoriasis) and have had one injection of Enbrel. It 's amazing. Worked straight away. I 've been on multiple NSAIDs, DMARDs, etc. for many years and this is the first thing that 's worked properly. Fingers crossed it continues.
The first birth control I ever used was Ortho-Cyclen. I took it to help lighten my periods and was on it for about 9 months. Though it did help with my periods, I just didn 't like the woman I became on it. I then switched to the patch and experienced the same thing. Next was the Depo shot. Ladies beware! To follow were 3 months of complete hell. My mood was constantly up and down and just about anything could send me into hysterics. Refusing to continue with the shot I asked my doctor for a low hormone birth control and she suggested Lutera. It 's been 5 months now and I couldn 't be more satisfied. My skin is clear, I went from a B to a D cup, and best of all, no mood swings! I am so happy with this pill. I 100% recommend it.
I tested poz on feb 8. 2008 i didn 't start Atripla till 2013 my v_load was 450...cd4..was97.000...within 30days i was undetectable cd4..1400...been on this medicine for three years now an i only have short term memory lost just of little thinks i love this medicine im alive healthy an also have good people in my corner thanks Atripla your tha best
So far so good. I am thrilled not to be an invalid. I am concerned about blood pressure and needing even more medication. Thanks to reading everyone 's posts I can see that 0.25 milligrams is probably enough.
i have severe depression, bipolar &amp; anxiety....i started on 50mgs for about 5 months and felt a little different as in a better mood....still had problems sleeping and felt anxious alot, went back to the doc and boosted up my dose to 100mg and also added Buspar 7,5mg twice a day and a low dose of clonopin.....Feeling great! I would say these are a miracle, back to my old self and loving it!
Maxalt has worked wonders for me. When I have migraines I never feel like swallowing tablets, so the fact that I have the dissolving tablet is an absolute bonus. Before this medicine I was bedridden for days at a time, and after a migraine, my head always felt so heavy and like a bowling ball. Now however I am able to go to work the next day. I recommend it to every person I meet!
I was pleasantly surprised with how easy Suprep was to get down. Taste was not great, but when compared to the gallon of  slimy, salty, and nauseating Nulytely I had to ingest with my last prep years ago, Suprep was a piece of cake! I did mix a splash of ginger ale with the prep mixture along with a light sprinkle of Crystal Light peach mango crystals. I also sliced up a lemon and sucked on those between every 4 or 5 swallows. After mixing the prep solution, I divided it into 3 cups. I chugged the contents in each cup, sucking on a lemon slice between each cup. I was able to get both preps down in less than 5 minutes each, and the 2 bottles of water afterwards with 10 minutes. No nausea or cramping. First prep worked in 40 min, 2nd in 20.
Have been on this and Retin-A for three weeks and I 'm amazed at the results. No new pimples at all. Virtually poreless, clear skin and very smooth. It does burn a bit at first but following with CeraVe helps.
I occasionally get migraine when I have been in stressful situations. It appears that my migraine are related to a deficit of serotonin.  I also get migraines in stores that sell lots of cheap plastic items. This medication is 100% effective for me.
I have MS and have been taking Naprelan CR 750 mg every morning for approx. 2 years, I take every morning and within minutes I can move. My Co-pay used to be $45, we changed health insurance and now it 's $250  I don 't know what I am going to do now. I cannot afford this.
I am practically out of all options for ADHD medications due to side effects. Vyvanse has proven to be really effective for helping my ADHD. The focus I have is great &amp; allows me to &quot;see&quot; what must be done instead and actually do it! I also have Body Dysmorphia Disorder which has paralyzed me from being able to go out of the house. My providers have been trying to get me to get out of the house for years! Unexpectedly, Vyvanse has practically eliminated my BDD &amp; fear to be outdoors! For example, in any given week I might go outside once, if that. I can barely stand 1 hour of being out. Now with Vyvanse, I have gotten my life back. I didn 't try. One day I went outside &amp; just stayed! Now, I 'm always outside doing lots of things for hours!
Was having a lot of trouble sleeping. Started taking 10mg, now I take a pill as I am sitting on my bed, 30 minutes later I turn off the T.V and good night. I do not drink and I have had no bad experiences.
I had severe eczema on my face, forehead and my cheeks and eyebrows all my life. It was so scaly, flaky and itchy on a daily basis that due to  my constant scratching, I had no eyebrows left as they had fallen out due to the constant scratching and the skin was so damaged that new eyebrows couldn 't grow. And my face was always red like I had severe sunburn.  I started using using Elidel just over 10 years ago. And after just a few weeks of using Elidel my face actually started to heal. My skin totally changed its texture, tone and colour back to what it should have been originally. There was no more itching or the need and desire to scratch. It has totally eradicated the eczema and has been absolutely life changing.
Stronger than oxycodone and hydromorphone.
I had my first anxiety attack when my oldest son was 2 years old &amp; ended up in the ER. My doctor prescribed Paxil &amp; it really helped. I 've been on it for about 16 years now..even took it when I was pregnant with my second child. The only side effect I 've really had is weight gain.
Latuda has saved my life. I have been on it for two years now and haven 't had any bipolar symptoms in that time. I have Type I bipolar and prior to Latuda I had been suffering from severe mixed state, and very suicidal. I was starting to lose hope that I would ever get better. I have had a completely normal life for the past two years. I have had serious stress (huge events!) and have stayed stable through everything. This drug is a miracle. I haven 't had any side effects that I can notice - I 've got issues with short term memory, but I don 't know if that is a function of the bipolar itself or the meds. It 's always been an issue. And for me, it isn 't crippling, I just lose details.
I am using remeron to help with nausea, depression and anxiety as I taper off 1 mg of Klonopin after several years of using that drug. It was hard in the beginning; I had headaches and crushing fatigue for weeks. Now, I feel this drug has been a godsend; it helps with all and ensures that I sleep well most nights. This is my third attempt to get off of Klonopin and I have never been able to reduce my dosage so much. I do notice that my weight is now creeping up so I need to watch that more carefully, but that side effect is one I will have to tackle as I will not give up my remeron.
In May 2015, I was put on Tivicay, Epivir, &amp; Viread, after years of struggling to be compliant with other regimens. My doctors are very happy with the results. In 2 months, the cd4 count went from 37 to 138. The viral load went from 35000 to undetectable. I 've noticed no side effects from this regimen. I 'm anxiously awaiting the next cd4 cell count.
We have heard of the Latuda 20-40 mg restlessness/sense of muscle quiver being controlled by a small .5mg Benztropine daily dosage taken with the Latuda.  Both were taken in evening as it seemed to help with sleep. I believe Benztropine may normally be given for Parkinson. This was suggested by an experienced Psychiatrist who reviewed medications looking for one that had the side effect to address and to help with the sense of muscle quiver.
Ever since I was young I have used this nasal spray every time I came down with a cold. I 've even tried to buy cheaper brands, but this is the only one that really works. The only downfall to the product is that it doesn 't last a full 12 hours, maybe only five or six. Also, I would only recommend it to those who have a cold, not for long-term use or people with allergies.
I was just put on the ER after being on the regular Nucynta for about 2 yrs. I did not like it. My pain levels have been much worse.  I like the idea of not having to take it all the time and only taking it twice a day. Maybe I just need the dose upped. I have had no problems with the regular Nucynta.
I am extremely satisfied with this medication. I took it for 5 months, and at my peak I was prescribed 40mg twice a day. It took about 3.5 months to start noticing results. I have now been off it for 3 weeks and wow! My skin is 100% clear. I 've had acne since I was a teen and after failing other options such as antibiotics, I was placed on Claravis. You will have chapped lips. I had to apply aquaphor (really good chapstick) every 15 minutes. Other side effects I had were nosebleeds, dry skin, eczema, rashes on my hands and arms, very sore muscles, sore chest, and any scrapes I got took absolutely forever to heal. I felt sluggish, sort of like I had the flu for 5 months. However, having clear skin was definitely worth it!
Used risperidone for PTSD in conjunction with two other scripts. Week one observations: day one nightmares as expected . As the week progressed dreams not getting to nightmare level. Agitation level/triggers decreased. On a down side, I feel sick like the flu or cold but co-workers have been passing it around so I suspect it is not due to the medication. I 'll Re-post in a month or so.
I 've had many urinary tract infections and the normal medicines just quit working - I 've been successfully treated with Vantin 3 times.
Cloderm seems to clear up my elbows from all the peeling and bleeding from being so dry.
With Lamictal and Keppra my seizures are currently controlled.
Puts me in nice restful deep sleep (normal 7hr night), walk up in morning migraine gone, with no hangover feeling that you would normally get if went to ER for a shot.
Got me through weeks of heavy summer lifting at work.  
I have arthritis in my neck from C4 to C6 plus severe TMJ. I suffered with constant pain in my neck and jaw joints during the past year. My doctor prescribed mobic and within 3 days the pain and swelling in my neck and jaws disappeared. It was almost like a miracle. Tried every over the counter anti inflammatory with no luck. I have had no stomach pain so far just welcomed relief. I can now work my entire shift with no pain.
Thank goodness for this medicine.  Migraines are new to me.  I tried Relpax before this one and it did very little for me, even after taking two doses.  I took this with my most recent headache and it worked like a miracle.  I didn 't realize how bad I felt until I took this and started to feel better.
This is absolutely amazing, After about 1 3/4 years of sweating I finally had enough when I would sweat through hoodies with huge stains. Non of my friends would say anything about it but my mom (who also has it) finally called my pediatrician and got a prescription. I put it on the first night and it burned alot, but it 's nothing unbearable. The next day sweat free. Some days I would forget to put it on at night and go through the day with little to no sweat at all. Not even sweating through my clothes. I still put it on every night just to be safe but it really works!I would recommend getting this product. Some people say it doesn 't protect against smell but it does for me. The only problems is a little itching during the day and a rash.
Ours 8 year old son as done so much better with the Intuniv.  He takes 2 mg, at night.  I see posts on the cost, check a Canadian pharmacy.  We only pay $450 for 90 days, brand.  Otherwise, would be $900 here in the states.  You fax your prescription and they mail you 3 month supply.  No  side effects for us.
Works very well, the only draw back is weight gain.
I currently take a combination of Ultram(Tramadol) and Cymbalta and feel better than I have in years!
I switched from 100 mg to the shots which are 3 mg. I found that if I lay down for 30 minutes after a shot I get up and feel as if I never had the headache.
Took this for the better part of 10 years as I can 't take estrogen (19-29) and had zero major issues. I got my period consistently every month except one. Had some of the more mild side effects like moodiness and nausea around my period. I still ovulated almost every month. I do think there are some other side effects I may notice as I 'm coming off of it now to try to get pregnant, but nothing has been severe enough to interfere with my quality of life or comfort.
I have been dealing with an itchy, red, flaky rash on my face, (chin area) for a few months. I 've tried just about every over the counter cream and ointments recommended by doctors. The PA I work with suggested prednisone for a weeks time. Two 20mg for the first dose, then one 20mg tablet twice a day for 5 days. I took my first dose at 630pm and by 7am next morning my rash was 75% gone. Heard weight gain is a huge side effect from the meds but I can live with that over the embarrassing rash I had for months.
got prescribed this about a month ago I 'm 22, 250 lbs and have had a blood pressure reading of 170/110 for the past year or so after taking cozaar 50 mg for just one month daily its dropped to 112/66 I feel great except for the blurry distorted vision rather have that then die from a stroke or heart attack any day other than that no side effects.
I 've been taking this pill for about 2 &amp; 1/2 years now! I love it! My periods have lighten tremendously and Chateal has cut the amount of time that I 'm on my period in half! Everyone 's body reacts different but for me, the only side effects have been positive!!
After trying every type of insomnia medicine, this is the only medication that has worked for me. I don 't notice any side effects. It isn 't perfect. I still have sleepless nights sometimes; but those are nothing compared to the insomnia I was dealing with before.
Just want to say thank you to Tysabri inventors.
Was having a very difficult time controlling my blood sugar.  My A1C reached 9.1 and I was hospitalized for three days, then sent to an endocrinologist.  He put me on Victoza 1.8ML once a day and an Invokana 300MG once a day.  Within 2 three months I was at 5.9 A1C and average 110 blood sugar.  I have lost close to 40 lbs.  There have been some side effects, constipation, cramping, and thirst.  These have all faded and become less extreme after being on the combo for just over 6 months.  I would never change this medication.  It truly has changed my life.  Had to change insurance this year and it was a battle to get the Invokana approved but they relented. Thank goodness.  FYI  I have taken, Glipizide, Glimerpride, Metformin, Actos and Insulin.
The last year I have suffered greatly from colitis.  I began researching other treatments and medicines because whatever the doctor gave me did little to combat.  I was miserable - diarrhea, nausea, cramping, especially in the mornings, and EVERY time I ate.  Could not go anywhere without an episode. After one week I noticed a difference.  After 2 weeks nausea and cramping very minimal.  After 3 weeks I am off ALL other medicines. I SWEAR by this.
By far the best prep yet. No headache this time but I 've learned some tricks since. First, it needs to be cold! Drink through a straw at the back of your mouth and chase with water. Took awhile but cleaned me out good. Also, sucking on a lemon after every few drinks. I have a strong gag reflex so had to stand over a sink and focus. I don 't drink Gatorade because of food coloring, etc. but Smartwater has minerals in it and drinking a large bottle of that helped keep the headache away. You 'd think with all the water you 're drinking you wouldn 't get dehydrated, but you need the electrolytes that the prep depletes.
This is an extremely potent medication when used in combination with 5-Fluorouracil. My mum had a stage IV colorectal cancer which has metastasised into the soft tissue of the lower abdomen causing an ugly skin lesions on the abdomen. After just three cycles of Oxiplatin and 5-FU the lesion completely healed and mum had a substantial reduction in the tumour size and progression rate. The problem with the treatment is the severe side effects mainly reduced white blood count.
This drug has worked well for me. The only problem that I have is that it is very hard to get refills. I have been to every drug store within 30 miles and they are all out. I signed up for express scripts under Tricare, they filled my first prescription and now they are out. 
Helped. Have used off and on for a few months.
Works great!
I had a severe migraine. The worst I have had. I have been suffering from them for about 4 years now. It was given Dilaudid intramuscularly and within about 20 minutes the pain let up so I could finally relax and get some sleep.
I started taking Xyrem about four weeks ago. It is very easy to take and since taking 4.5 g 2x/night, I know pretty accurately when I will wake up (midnight alarm is not needed). I am also taking Adderall 5-10 mg 2-3x/day and I no longer feel tired and am very focused during classes. Since taking Xyrem, even at the highest dose, the only adverse side effect I have had is nausea, if I don 't go to sleep within 20 minutes after taking it. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
Please tell me you are still going to be making Enjuvia. I have been on this drug for years and it really works great for hot flashes and mood swings.I need my prescription filled and I am totally out it. The pharmacies are all saying you are not making it any more and that there is no genetic drug- period.I beg you to still make this product.What are we to do if we can no longer get it and there is no form of a genetic made? Us patients can 't go off of Enjuvia cold turkey. Evidently, the pharmacies were not warned ahead of time and neither were the Prescribing doctors., that the drug was stopping being made. This is terrible.
This medication is very effective! But it is literally the worst ever!!!!! I want to share my story in hopes that it will prevent women from trying this... I 'm ten days post nexplanon today and I 'm feeling so much more like myself then I have in months. I 'm not quite 100% yet. It all started two months ago when my period began I just woke up different. My anxiety was severe and I had begun feeling extreme sadness and depression. My period lasted a month and then when it started again in January the symptoms came back magnified by ten. I thought I was going mad! I lost my appetite and I 'm still dealing with being unable to eat. For a while there I couldn 't sleep. But everyday it seems to be getting better. I 'm starting to smile!!
I started taking Yaz 6 months ago for Premenstrual tension syndrome. I think my PMS would last 2 weeks, lots of bloating, lots of acne and lots of moodiness and crying. Yaz has been life-changing for me. No more PMS, very little breakouts. No more gaining/losing 10lbs every month. I have lost 20lbs to date just because I don 't have weird cravings, my energy level is back to normal and I am 5lbs from ideal BMI. I feel GREAT! I love Yaz and am so thankful my doctor.
I was diagnosed with bi polar in 12/28/2015.. It has been very hard from then until now. I first was on lithium it didn 't work for me. I was still maniac. I switched doctors and was put on lithium. My doctor called it the Mercedes of meds.. So I went with it.  It took 4 months to see a difference.. I had to takes meds faithfully.  9 months and Latuda has changed my life. I did gain weight. Now I 'm working out on getting it off..
I have been on Minocycline for a 2-3 month period. It helped my acne out tremendously, not to the point of clear skin, but drastic improvement. The only down side is that I am having mild diarrhea. I would say that the pros outweighed the cons in the beginning. It 's a great medicine, just not for me anymore. Best of luck!
Well...Put simply it was awesome. I took my first blood work at 14 days and a high 18 year viral load was gone. I don 't feel and extra discomfort from normal. Just wished it was out back in the 90 's. I then took all the rest of the days thinking it was unnecessary Test after a month maximum
After later years of my adolescence and early adulthood I was finally diagnosed (bipolar) and prescribed Seroquel along with lithium. Not only did I finally feel a sense of peace within myself I found that I no longer engaged in the reckless activity that I seemed to have no control over. This behaviour which caused so much grief and upset, nearly caused the breakdown between my family and which I nearly destroyed myself. It does not get rid of my depression completely but they are not as bad and I find I can cope where as in the past I couldn 't.I find that it 's best to take it before bed as it makes me very drowsy which I find a good thing because in the past I found it very difficult to sleep.Hope this helps.
I was in Mexico and spent the whole day drinking at the pool (I think they did not wash glasses properly and I contracted it there). I went for dinner and just as I finished my meal I licked my lips and right away could feel the tingle, then bit my bottom lip where it was and had that very sharp pain. Could tell right away, having had several when I was younger. A single small blister had formed on my lip already and luckily I carry Abreva everywhere so I put some of that on right away. Next day it had &quot;popped&quot;, I soaked that and put more Abreva. Was starting to heal and crust within 2 days. This is why the ladies in my family carry it everywhere. You have to use it straight away to stop the spreading, but its a life saver.
This medicine works super for pain if you take enough. I used it for many months for back pain due to disc protrusion. Chronic use gave me stomach problems. I used too much and my doctor claimed I was passing blood so I use it sparingly now, if the Tylenol based medicines do not work well enough. It helps mild headache to where Tylenol does nothing. When you start having heartburn or loose bowel movements stop taking Ibuprofen and use something else tell your doctor or you will hurt yourself seriously. Over the counter does not mean safe to use as you wish.
Worked perfectly after drinking 4 Liters (10oz every 15 minutes) 2 liters the night before and 2 liters the day of, finishing 3 hours before the procedure. No side effects at all.  I suggest &quot;chasing&quot; with white cranberry juice. This prevented any after taste and possible nausea. Taste is the only reason I gave it a nine but it really wasn%u2019t bad when chilled. Note that if you let the liquid get really cold you won%u2019t be able to drink it fast.
Started taking Adipex March 28, 2012 not on Sundays and had the flu for two days which I didn 't take the pills either. I am a 6 ft 2 in male who starting weight was 289lbs on 3/28/2012. Today is now 4/23/2012 and my weight is now 274.6 lbs! I do exercise but I could not lose any weight. I am very pleased with my loss and I simply started tracking the things I eat and making better choices. You can do it just drink plenty of water and or juices and you will be fine. Good luck
I first started taking Elavil when I was 21 in 1983, and met my present day neurologist after being hospitalized with a severe migraine that didn 't go away. He started me on 10mg, and over the years he has increased the dosage to 200mg a day. For it helps me with migraines and also with my depression for which I suffer from, as a result of my migraines.  The only side effect I suffer from is drowsiness and that is why I take it at night for it puts me to sleep.                                               
I just got this inserted yesterday, and wow after reading a lot of these reviews I almost didn 't go to my appointment. It was not bad at all. I never get cramps during my periods so I didn 't know what I was expecting. I also got my finger pricked and to me that hurt more than the insertion! During the procedure I just felt pressure on my stomach and it felt like I was about to go to the bathroom. After everything was done they gave me a panty liner just in case I bled. I went home and just had a small stomach ache. I have had no spotting whatsoever. I worked out perfectly today and walked my puppy out yesterday :) I 'm honestly so surprised that I have no pain or no side effects yet. I 'll keep updating!
Have now taken Harvoni for 32 days &amp; had some fatigue the 1st two weeks. Now I have no side effects at all.
I read the reviews before my Skyla insertion and I wish I wouldn 't have! It gave me so much unnecessary anxiety. I took 4 Ibuprofen beforehand and felt no pain at all, if anything it was uncomfortable. The whole thing was over in 2-3 minutes and I had almost no cramping. I kept up on my Ibuprofen every 3-4 hours and had some bleeding/spotting the day of, but overall I felt great. I even went out for lunch immediately after my appointment. Everyone 's body reacts differently and in the end I 'm happy with my decision!
Very helpful in falling and staying asleep.
I 've been on this pill for a month, and so far I have no major complaints. I previously tried Sprintec and after 3 days I realized it was causing semi-severe panic attacks. However Junel FE has not affected me negatively in any way (that I know of) and I 'm not pregnant so I 'd say it 's pretty effective. The only small nuisance I 've experienced is some breakthrough bleeding since I skipped the placebo week, but that 's not uncommon.
Other prenatal vitamins made me sick to my stomach, this one does NOT. Such a relief and there aren 't any funny after tastes either.
On my second day.I have had no issues.Insertion was way less uncomfortable than I expected.No pain or discomfort so far.
Definitely takes away my hunger.
I had a build up of fluid in my uterus from previous surgery (oblasion of the uterus). I went to the emergency room doubled over in the most extreme abdominal pain I had ever had in my life.  They gave me a shot of Toradol and within 20 minutes the pain subsided and was back to normal.  
I have been on Wellbutrin XL for a little over a year, and it has dramatically improved my quality of life. I have struggled with depression for almost my entire life, and only recently sought out treatment, and WOW, what a difference! Wellbutrin didn 't cause any weight gain - if anything I lost some weight - and it didn 't decrease my sex drive. It took about a month for it to kick in, but it was well worth it.
Was prescribed this for depression. It 's worked very effectively for that and it 's helped me so much more in other areas in my life. I 've been on it since 2011. It 's helped me quit smoking 7 times now. It has also helped me with my ADHD symptoms. I am gaining weight but that 's due to my antipsychotic. I have schizophrenia. This has been a great mood enhancer and has helped me so much. I started on 150mg for a month and was on 300mg for 5 years. I guess my body built up a tolerance and last year I was having extra depressive episodes. My psychiatrist upped this to 450mg (max dose) and added trintellix and my depression is back under control. That 's the only reason I am giving it a 9/10. It has been truly helpful from the first day.
This medicine is a god send. I have 3 herniated disks in my back and sometimes can not get out  of bed. Thanks to this medicine, I can have a good quality of life and do the things I need to do. It has helped me tremendously!
Week after hookup found out I had Chlamydia when my pee started burning and constantly discharging a white puss. Was prescribed this medication as a single dose took on a Sunday afternoon minor stomach grumbling, then an unpleasant headache at night which felt like intense pressure/fever and put me to sleep. Woke up next day headache was gone and by end of day started to notice improvement in burning while peeing. By day 3 discharge was much more infrequent and burning pee was almost gone no where near as intense. By Friday which was day 6 burning pee was gone and no discharge at all, life was back to normal lol. Never had any diarrhea or uncontrollable stomach pain just little nauseated first 24 hours. Very effective med for me
I had my first outbreak over a year ago, been taking 400mg a day and haven 't had an outbreak since.
Cleared up my rashes fast and easy. Didn 't irritate my skin. Best thing I 've tried!
My doctor told me that this was the smartest and safest option especially for teens (lower hormone dosage) she even has one herself. She did say the placement would be painful so she prescribed me one 5 mg pill of Valium to take an hour before and told me to take 800 mg of ibuprofen with the Valium. I got there feeling very relaxed and I also think it made the entire process a lot less awkward, usually I would have found both the position in front of the doctor very weird, let alone an assistant she needed to come in halfway through that said &quot;nice to meet you&quot; haha a great time to meet someone. The whole thing took about 10 minutes and really didn 't hurt, I give credit to the meds, I got some cramps once they hit my cervix and some after.
Overall, it has been the best anti-emetic available for chemotherapy induced nausea and vomiting. The downfall is gastric slowdown-- which can become more pronounced if on vinca alkaloid chemo or opioids.
I have not had a period from the first shot. I had ZERO side effects and lost 5 lbs. I think it is an amazing product.
I have been using Uloric 40mg 1 x a day for just about 3 months. It has been working very well, but I was off it for two days and pain started up quickly again in my toe and hand joints. Went back on it and is working again. Colchicine works but the diarrhea is terrible. Also my uric acid level was just above 7.0 at start but now is very low and normal.
I 've been having bladder botox injections for 12 years at Hospital I have had urge double incontinence for about 15 years, caused by Multiple Sclerosis (primary progressive). I am nearly 70. I was tried on different treatments for about 3 years. Nothing worked. I had to wear thicker and thicker incontinence pads (very embarrassing)! Eventually, I was given Flexible Cystoscopy and Botox. Has to be done every 9 months, first it was with (20 injections), later increased to (30 inj 's). It was worth every jab! Takes about 15 minutes under local. They always do FC and test your urine first. Discomfort during procedure and sore for a few days. No other side effects. Time to find a loo, and dry pants.
I have been suffering from panic attacks since 2008. One day I was just chatting on the phone with a friend when out of nowhere I felt like there was an elephant sit on my chest, meaning to say that i was experiencing chest tightness. Then I started breathing faster and I didn 't know then what I know now, that that fast breathing is called hyperventilation. Then that symptom led to my heart beat going faster and then that led to me feeling like i was losing control and I had to have a friend take me to the ER which was down the street but it felt like it took me hours to get there. Time really slows down during these attacks, and life just seems so unbearable. Anyway, doc put me on .05mg Klonopin in 2008 and it has worked wonders since.
Great stuff. NoDoz really does work. Better than most stuff I 've tried. Would definitely recommend.
Zoloft saved my life. It 's been like waking up from a life-long nightmare. A lifetime of panic attacks, stress, and anxiety warped my perception of what  'normal ' was. I still feel normal stress and anxiety, but only that which stems from rational causes (car broke down, lost job, etc). There 's no feeling quite like feeling in control of your life and your self again.
I have suffered with sciatica for 3 years and now have pain in my right foot along the arch. I took this medication when I was first diagnosed and it did nothing to relieve the pain. I decided to give it another shot last week because of the foot pain and it started helping right away with both issues. The only problem I have is I am bloated and feel like I have gained 10lbs! This is a huge bummer since I am also on a weight loss plan! But I will keep taking it for now.
I am a 64 year old female.  I have been on antidepressants since I was 13.  I have been diagnosed with PTSD, Bi-polar and major depressive disorder.  I felt most normal while taking Prozac, however, during the past ten years, I lost both parents, made a major move, and my husband was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's.  The Prozac just didn 't seem to be working.  My physician switched me to Wellbutrin,  and then to Cymbalta...the Cymbalta and my stomach didn 't hit it off, so she put me on Brintellix.  I am very pleased with this medication.  I do have nausea, so I try to eat something before I take it.  I seem to be hot all of the time, some itching, and I have had a significant weight gain! Which is not listed as a side effect.
5.5 yrs on this miracle
I have been taking the generic Tenormin (atenenol) for probably 32 years now.  25 mg.  I take it at night.  Never had a problem, EXCEPT when I could not see my doctor and had to see someone else in the practice.  He thought I should get off the drug; said there were new better things.  He took me off it and I was going on vacation the next day or so.  Worse vacation ever.  I thought I was dying.  My heart was pounding.  I thought I would die up in the mountains.  Got back on Atenol when I got back home.  Everything was normal.  If I accidently miss a day or so, I can tell the difference.  I don 't know about all the side effects other people have had, but it works great for me.
I have been on Accutane more than once. In Canada my sister has been taking it in low dose for years - rules are different there. I take B to Zinc vitamins to maintain my health while on Accutane. Watch what you 're eating too. Lots of stuff contains added Vitamin A - some milk, cereals, etc. That may be the cause for some bad side effects in some people. They may be boosting the strength of their Accutane by eating added Vitamin A in their diets.
I 've gotten Kyleena two days ago and so far I couldn 't be happier. Inserting was painful but only for a very short moment - I 've expected it far worse from reading some reviews! My doctor gave me painkillers about an hour before and I took another one after the procedure, as I was prepared for heavy cramps. I 've had some cramps the afternoon right after inserting, but not more than during my period. They stopped in the evening and so far I am feeling perfectly fine, I hope this lasts and I will definitely update!Before I 've had the nuva ring for about 5 years, with that I lost my sex drive and its pretty pricey, thats why I am switching.
Astepro has been a blessing to me. I have been a long time allergy sufferer. An ENT suggested regular dose of Allegra, Fluconase and Singular, plus I started allergy drops to begin building my immunity. This medicine regime seemed to bring everything more under control, except I began having a terrible cough it was more than a year and I finally told him I needed to do something about it. I had previously tested negative for asthma, but we tried an inhaler and Astepro (instead of the other nose spray). Wow, instant relief from the regular coughing due to the Astepro, the inhaler seemly offers nothing. I recommend this for coughing from post nasal or other allergy problems.
Mostly prescribed for high blood pressure, but I use it for pedal edema. It works great and it does have two diuretics in it which makes it better than just one diuretic.
I 've been taking Zoloft for about 3 months. I 've felt very little side effects, all of which I did experience was tiredness but other than that I went from a emotionless zombie to feeling great all day long.
I have recently finished a 9 month course of Roaccutane one month ago and will be beginning to use this cream (0.5%) to maintain my skin and help with marks left behind from pimples. To all the people that say tretinoin breaks you out, either in pill or cream form, that is its process. You can not use it for 1 week, see pimples and stop, it is not making your skin worse, it is getting anything under neath the surface of your face out to eventually clear it, that is what you want. I had an initial breakout for 3 months, everything pimple and gunk in my face came to the surface and eventually all went away. You need to have patience with your skin. It works, just not over night.
I got kyleena inserted last week and just like everybody says it was painful but only for about 30 seconds it feels like a very strong period cramp nothing too bad. I also got it inserted on the 3rd day of my period (my periods usually last 5 days) and the IUD ended my period early actually the same exact day. I didn 't have any spotting until 4 days later and minimal cramping nothing to bad. The first day was the most most uncomfortable day but after that I felt fine. So far I definitely recommend it, this is my first type of birth control and I just didn 't want to take a pill everyday because I know I would forget about it and the IUD is a lot more effective. I will update my experience but it 's not as scary as it seems like it would be.
I 've been taking Atripla from my diagnosis in 02/07 &amp; it 's not let me down yet. The only side effect that I seem to have is that it makes me a bit drowsy. I found that it 's best taken at bedtime. From what I have seen here I 'm 1 of the lucky 1 's by being able to take just 1 pill a day versus a cocktail of pills.
Hands down the very best way to end the day. Not only is it the only sleeping pill that worked for me of the dozens of OTC and prescribed sleep aids, it felt really good. No matter how bad my day was, 20 minutes after I took the ambien I 'd always have a smile and laugh my ass off to Saturday Night Live episodes on Hulu before getting the best and consistent sleep ever. Sure, my first couple times I had a hangover effect, but the next year I was on ambien I ALWAYS felt refreshed the next morning.
Rexulti has been a life changer! I 'm on 1mg. I know that 's not a lot, but it 's worked so well for me. Way less depressed mood than usual. I have Bipolar Type II. This was an add on to Trileptal and it 's really been amazing for me. Would definitely recommend to others :)
I started using Symbicort and after the very first dose I noticed I didn 't have any breathing problems.  Before Symbicort, I was using my albuterol inhaler 4  times per day.  After Symbicort, I have not used it, although I carry it for emergencies.  
Hey everybody! Just wanted to say that this pill does work !! I took it 2 days before I was expected to ovulate and worried myself sick for the next week and a half. I experieced most of the side effects that were listed a few days after I took the pill. Got my period three days eariler than my expected day; finally! Please try not to stress too much over this , I have heard that Plan B is 95% effective if taken within the first 24 hours!
I have been on Effexor for over a year and my dosage has been 37.5mg daily. The drug has worked wonders for me but I have had some side effects of sweating, strange dreams and dizziness when I forget to take it. 
Have been on metformin 2.5g, glimepride 4mg, Januvia 100mg reading now 6.3 3 months on Januvia for 12 months. No weight gain, no side effects. Was on Actos, gained 4kg, had hypos readings above 7. 3 months all the time, less hunger pain no hypos, best readings in 3 years.
I 've had paragard for over 6 years. No issues at all. My periods last a little bit longer.   Grateful for a hormone free birth control!!!
I 'm currently on Saphris, I just starting working for the first time in 3 years.  Ive been on Saphris about 10 months.  2 days ago I woke up and had white canker sores in my mouth, tingling lips.  This drug is so great,  can take it and wake up 6 hours later and not feel tired all day.
My 7 year old son was recently diagnosed as ADHD and I was really hesitant to put him on medicines but when I took him to the doctor she said yes no doubt he had ADHD so they put him on Vyvanse at 30 mg. The first day and I was ready to cry myself. It was like he had eaten a whole gallon of ice cream he could not stop talking and did not sleep the first 2 nights, but I am really happy with the outcome. He is so much better. I can hear my thoughts now so I am a believer in the medicines it worked for him.
Constipation &amp; sedation...but great pain relief
I was in the hospital a year and a half ago for heat exhaustion and rhabdomylosis.  The pain from my muscle deterioration was the worst of my life.  My doctor gave me Dilaudid. It definitely helped with the pain and made the most pleasant side effect of eliminating the addiction pangs from smoking. I had previously tried every other method that I could think of to quit. None worked for me.  After 4 days I was released and haven 't smoked since. I think 4 days of hospital confinement with regular dosage of Dilaudid could help a lot of people quit smoking.
I had sex with my boyfriend and he came inside me for the first in 6 years and we are certainly not ready for a baby. I bought the original plan b pill years ago and it worked just as it said. I did get my period again after.. I was very surprised. But this time around I am nervous. I got off my period the day he came inside me. I 'm scared to have my period again when I just got off it ... and to start a new pack of my birth control this week.  I hope everything will be okay.... staying positive... I 've never used this brand and never taken it RIGHT AFTER my cycle
Recently I had a rough bout with anxiety.  From out of nowhere I just lost faith in myself due to some life circumstances and an overload of work. I was losing sleep and spiraling downward at an amazing rate.  I decided to talk to my doctor who prescribed Klonopin.  With the first dose I felt immediate relief and to avoid dependency I only took 0.25 mg at night until I was started on an SSRI. My doctor favored the SSRI approach as better in the long run. After three months on Klonopin every day, and after the SSRI kicked in, I stepped off the Klonopin without any withdrawals like you read about on the internet. I think the key is to take the lowest dose you can or only as prescribed. The medicine worked wonders for me!
Great medicine for daily migraines.  Works really well with Zanaflex.
Have been using for over two years after several episodes of prednisone. Have been almost completely free of symptoms and have no obvious side effects. I only use the bathroom once a day and stools are generally well formed. No diarrhea at all. Can eat and drink normally (including roughage)  but did have some pain after eating too much corn on the cob.
I 'm 32 and I 've had the Paragrad for 6 years now. I got it after having my daughter at 26. It was recommended to me due to blood clotting issues and hormones. I went in to see my GYN and it took about 5 minutes. It was inserted 6 weeks after having my baby. It didn 't hurt just felt like a pinch. It works GREAT! My husband and I love it! The heavy periods &amp; spotting occasionally is worth it. Recently, I have experienced some back pains but it goes away and it doesn 't happen often. I totally recommend it. #ThumsUp
I switched to nuvaring 4 yeas ago from orthotricyclen. I 've had absolutely no side effects, and it 's the easiest form of birth control I 've ever taken. My periods are lighter is the only thing I 've noticed. It 's unfortunate that I 'm seeing so many bad experiences on here - I honestly recommend it to all my girlfriends.
I have more frequent bowel movements but not diarrhea. My total cholesterol fell from 365 to 174. My HDL only decreased minimally from 42 to 37. My most interesting side effect is that I have had a tremendous increase in libido. I 'm on testosterone replacement and about 8 meds for my heart disease and had minimal to moderate sex drive for about 5 years. There have been no changes in my meds or anything else except for the addition of Praluent. I am a 65 year old male.
Wish it was still available.  I miss being able to function like a  'normal ' adult.  Dexedrine, Ritalin, Adderall, Concerta, Strattera, Wellbutrin - none of these worked.  some lessened appetite, some turned me into a zombie.  Cylert worked - yes some side effects, mainly tourettes-like, but in order to function normally?  I 'll gladly cluck like a chicken randomly to concentrate (that was my side effect). Life without is  back to my reality - oh, look, a doorknob.  I wonder how it works?  I bet it 's some sort of cam mechanism that operates via - oh, look, a wireless transceiver, I wonder if it is in the 2.4 Ghz spectrum or if it is -  oh look, a wireless mouse, I wonder if it operates via bluetooth or is on the same 2.4 Ghz spectrum as the - oh look.......
I found Zyban to be very effective and easy to use. I only experienced a few mild side effects (slight constipation, food tasted a bit different).  But I 'd tried quitting before using gum, microtabs, patches - and none of these worked for me.  Thanks to Zyban, it 's been over four months since I smoked a cigarette and haven 't turned back - proud to be a non-smoker!
This is the first birth control I have been on, and after hearing all the birth control horror stories that friends/family had, I 'm happy to say that my experience with this pill so far has been a good one! The first month or two I did experience some acne and occasional nausea, as well as going from a B to C cup (a welcome change.) However none of the symptoms have been any worse than symptoms of a period. My period lightened soon after beginning the pill packs and I stopped getting my period alltogether about 6 months after starting the pills, which (my Obgyn told me early on) was to be expected. My insurance also completely covers this pill, so that 's definitely a plus!
I 've been taking these for a week now and it 's workingggggg. No more smell and less discharge . And normal discharge! Yussss. But the side affects suck. I 'm constantly dizzy but it only lasts a few seconds at a time for me. Nausea doesn 't really go away. Constant headache. Crap. BUT it worksssssss.
I took one around 5pm and then at 2:30am I woke up to a burning sensation in my stomach. When I realized what was starting to happen and I almost had a panic attack because of all the reviews that I remembered. Seriously guys, what I went through was bad for a laxative it was like having the flu, but nowhere as bad as everyone claims it to be. For me it was only a couple hours and then I was able to sleep. Today my stomach feels a bit sensitive but I 'm fine.  And it worked really well too, I didn 't have diarrhea just a really easy to pass BM. If it hurt that much for some I think it 's because they 're way too constipated which could mean intestinal impaction. DO NOT take laxatives if you think it is, it can end really badly.
After years of knowing something was wrong, I went to the doctor and he prescribed Cymbalta. I have been on it for 6 months.  I love it!  I will be married a year in October and my husband and I were already talking divorce until I started Cymbalta.  I did have VERY violent and  'goury ' dreams when I took it right before bed.  Now I take it in the morning, my dreams are back to normal.  I am currently taking 60mg, but am going to request to take a lower dosage as I am now starting to experience headaches and nausea.  I feel like I am finally the person I always knew I was and not the bitter, angry, weepy person other people saw.
I am a 28 year old female at 5 '5&quot; I weighed in at 277 lbs on 03/ 10/17 I have not had any severe side effects, dry mouth is all. Just drink lots of water. I exercise daily with interval training. I drink NOTHING but water and eat better. I keep my calories at about 1000 a day with 3 meals a day and a few snacks in between. I go back to see the Doc on 4/10/17 I cheated and stepped on the scale today and have lost a total of 21lbs at 256. You can do it! It is not a diet, it is a lifestyle change, if you don 't change your habits you will gain all of it back and more. Can 't wait to see what the next couple of months bring. Goal weight of 150lbs!
I have had Mirena for two weeks, and I have had no issues. I think that every Birth Control Method has its pros and cons.
Miracle drug suffered for many years with depression and stress since prescribed I love a normal life again.
Used this on my 6 year old daughters eczema and it worked very well.  She no longer carries on about itching, redness and stinging.
I was taking 3mg per day at equal intervals.  I tried to stop completely, and the noise came roaring back. So, I went back on 3mg per day, and the noise is reduced by 50% or more, with minimal side effects so far.
I decided to try this medication for anxiety after reading several studies indicating that hydroxyzine is roughly equal to benzodiazepines for anxiety relief. I must say, I have been quite impressed by this medicine. It 's just as strong as Xanax for me, but it doesn 't make me forgetful. My quality of life has improved quite a bit since I started this medicine.
I have tried so many different pre natal vitamins and they have all made me feel ill one way or another.  This one has not made me sick since I have started taking them so its the best so far.
Finally some relief!! This is a hands down miracle drug for IBS. Not a 100% cure but I 'd say it controls my symptoms 90% of the time which is outstanding.
Used several years ago.  I was prescribed the fentanyl patch for 72 hrs (3) days.  Actiq was prescribed for breakthrough pain.  What a God-send!  Finally research supported that people have differing degrees of metabolism and my patch was changed to every 48 hours.  Still. fentanyl in patch for around the clock pain control WITH the Actiq Lollipop-type medication for &quot;breakthrough&quot; pain was a life savior.  I  was a mother of 3 boys with the severest form of neck, back and fibromylagia putting my pain level off the charts.  This med allowed me (after taking a dose of Actiq) to 1) go grocery shopping, 2)take, pick-up and volunteer for a whole hour, 3) cook dinner and go to church and lastly, 4)participate in activities lasting 1 hr.
Much needed co-analgesic prescription for chronic pain.
I am bipolar and have major depression issues and have been on tons of meds, to the point where I have felt like a pin cushion for these meds. Either they make me so tired I can 't do nothing or they just don 't work. I started taking Brintellix 3 months ago and I am on 10 mg a day. Side effects, whether I took it with food or not I would throw up almost every day ugh.....but on the up side it has made me feel like me again, not miserable and naggy looking at everything in a negative way! The nausea is still there sometimes in the morning but I will take it. So I can cope with everyday issues without freaking out and to be somewhat at peace with myself.
I 'm talking this after a few antipsychotics didn 't work and I was hospitalized a few times for the first time in my life. My bipolar diagnosis changed to Schizoaffective disorder then Schizophrenia. The delusions paranoia was very scary. I was on 2 mg for awhile with Ativan and celexa, and I gained weight over the course of all the medicines, but it needed it, weight gain stopped when I stopped celexa. No paranoia. Now im taking 1  1/2 mg and have less anxiety, on a day I went back to 2 mg I had more. I still have anxiety and will ask my dr to increase my Ativan from 2 back to 3 mg, or lower my risperdal down to 1 mg a I am also on lithium and have hand tremors from that and risperdal, but feel stable it 's so worth it. I 'm staying on it
I was 288lbs when I started taking medicine, I am down to 265lbs. It really works and am still losing.
I had two instance of DVT getting to my lungs. Almost killed me. I was on warfarin the first time for 6 months with no side effects. I have been taking xeralto 20 mg for about a month now. I am having insomnia, upset stomach, and occasional muscle cramping in calves and ankles. However, I do not have to go the doctor once a month to have blood tests and I do not have to manage my eating habits so closely. So far I am a fan, albeit a sleepy one.
Great!
The Mirena is amazing! I got mine inserted during my 6 week check up after having my son! I 've had it almost 3 years. I 'm 23 years old with a super busy schedule, so I didn 't want pills like I 've had in the past, no time for them plus they made so sick. I wanted to try the Mirena to see if it was any different, and I 'm so happy I did. It wasn 't painful at all to insert. It was like getting a checkup. I started my period about 4 days after insertion and that lasted about a week and a half. After that I got my period every month but it was very light and lasted about 3 days. After about 6 months I got a period every 3 months. I was scared to get it reading all the bad reviews but I decided to do it anyway.
Jittery and wide awake. But works great. Do not take before bed!
My husband had been an alcoholic for as long as he can remember.  He has completed and failed rehab 5 times over the years.  He lost many years with his children due to this problem.  His youngest is 11 and has been seeing him in a supervised visit 2 hours a week for over 7 years.  Thanks to campral he had lost the craving for alcohol.  Because of this medication he is able to enjoy life instead of stumbling his way into another blackout.  He has always said if they ever make a pill to stop drinking he would take it.  We are now on the road to getting shared custody with his son.  We thank the Lord above and the creator of campral every day for this incredible pill.
Works great to help me sleep. It helps my RRS, but half-life is too short.
Had really bad sinus infection that lead to bronchitis that stemmed from bad allergies due to a dry, dusty environment and a plane ride home.  Suffered for a week before heading to the doctor.  Was placed on Augmentin and after 1 day had immediate relief and wheezing was under control in my chest.  Wonder medication for infections!
At the age of 17 I started losing my hair.It became noticeable at age 20.Then I brought minoxidil 5%. In the first month the hair fall occurred but in next month hair regrowth took place.highly recommended.
The first time I used Lyrica I experienced an amazingly profound reaction; layers of depression and anxiety that had built up over several years melted away within minutes. That was years ago and I have since both weaned myself off the drug and restarted taking it again. One thing I rarely see mentioned is the terrifyingly bad withdrawal effect- missing more than one dose for me throws me into the absolute darkest pits of despair. Has anyone else experienced this? When I went off the drug the first time I felt like I had performed a miracle; so strong was the feeling that it took a long time for me to convince myself that things were bad enough to warrant going back on. It still helps, but nothing as miraculous as the first time.
Taken to lower blood pressure and to increase urine flow at night.  Worked great for both.
This stopped my depression the second day!  It felt like a hole in my heart mended! Literally! I seem to be able to skip days here and there in the spring and summertime with no effects, but never have plans to wean off.  It has been too great a miracle prescription for me!  Seven years!
My partner has been an alcoholic for over 10 years. I have cared for him for the last 2 years and have tried everything. I thought an antidepressant was going to be the answer along with therapy. Nothing could stop his drinking and lying. I had given up hope. I took him to the Gp and asked for medication to stop him from drinking. He started Nalteroxe 4 days ago. He takes it at night and it really knocks him out but it is amazing. He is like a totally different person. He is happy. No cravings no drinking. The evil cloud of addiction is gone. I am under no illusion that there is work to do to address the underlying issues but for the first time he free to live life and remain sober. Life saving.
IT 'S MY SAVIOR, I was in severe anxiety and depression for the last 6 months, it felt like there was no hope anymore, started taking Zoloft, and today is my 4th week. It 's not that I don 't feel depressed anymore, I FEEL HAPPY, enjoying every moment of life, I go to work full of motivation now, I feel like nothing can stress me out, you sound very confident in front of your colleagues. I am so thankful for this medicine, it gave me my potential, my efficiency and my life back. No significant side effects, other than weight gain.
This medicine has worked wonders for me... took a month to work but well worth the wait.
I was prescribed 500mg 4 times a day..I feel no pain and able to work
BEST medication I 've ever taken for anxiety. I was skeptical to take it because of some negative reviews, but I figured, what the heck, what have I got to lose??  I plan on staying on buspar for a long long time. It 's allowed me to be more outgoing and get involved more in social situations. Have a positive attitude, try it, and I think you 'll love it too!
I had unprotected sex right on the day of ovulation. I mean dead smack on when I was fertile. I took the pill 2 hours later and had NO SYMPTOMS whatsoever. I had to wait a whole 2 weeks for my period to come and I was afraid the pill wasn 't going to work since I was really fertile. But 2 weeks later, on the EXACT day I was supposed to get my period, I got it! So this pill works! Phew! Relieved!
I have a panic disorder and have been taking Xanax for over 20 yrs now. Never had to increase my dose and finally can live a normal life. The doctor had tried all different medications and this is the only one that worked.
After my hysterectomy, I took Premarin , in fact for 7 years I took it for hot flashes, but my Doctor changed my  medication to  Cenestin : I was weary at first because I suffered miserably with extreme hot flashes, soaking sweats, sleeplessness: But Cenestin started working within 2 days after I started on it. I had no more soaked bed sheets and hair, and I felt like myself  all over again:  Only Better. And Censtin is all natural, no side effects for me. Insurance covers my Cenestin for now, but later I will have to pay out of pocket, which is very expensive, but well worth every penny to me for the comfort and peace of mind I now have. Thank You Cenestin.
Nuvaring was very effective and easy to use especially during college.My clinician helped me choose it after disliking the Depo because it took away my period. My favorite thing about it was that I knew when my period was coming and I could skip my period if I needed too. The only real side effect I thought I saw was a major decrease in my sex drive, but that also could have been because of the stress of college so I 'm not really too keen on saying it was really a side effect.
Changed my life. The first month was a bit rough, not gonna lie, but that 's normal with birth control from what I 've heard (this is my first time taking it). Now, the nausea and headaches have almost completely subsided, and my once debilitating periods are manageable. I used to have 5-7 days of bleeding, with 2-3 days of debilitating cramps. I was taking unhealthy amount of Advil just to manage (think 10 per day on the second day), and most months I had to miss at least a day of school. This past period, I took two Advil. Total. For the entire week. I got scared by all the negative reviews before I started taking it but my advice is power through the first month and see how the second one feels. Everyone reacts differently.
Me and my girlfriend had a condom mishap. We started to freak out but bought the pill 3 hours later. Waited for 2 weeks and her period was 1 day early. This pill works and is effective. Thankful for it.
I spent almost three years dealing with unbearable tingling and burning around my shoulder blade until I just couldn 't take it anymore. My GP prescribed me Gabapentin in the hopes that it would put a stop to it, and it did. It took less than a week for me to feel total relief. I 'm not saying it 's a wonder drug that will work for everyone, but in my case, it 's been a lifesaver.
After suffering with burning mouth syndrome for over a year, my doctor said that he had had good luck with one other patient using orally disintegrating clonazepam. I quickly got his Rx for it. It dissolves easily on my tongue (no bad taste) and I take it twice a day, 12 hours apart. After about 10 days I can say than I am ecstatic that my burning mouth syndrome seems to have disappeared. I have a little left over mouth pain but that I can attribute to my upper denture. I don 't know if this will work for everyone, but I certainly think it 's worth a try if you can tolerate it. My only side effects were a little dizziness for a couple of days (didn 't drive), then daytime drowsiness. I don 't work, so this posed no problem for me. hurray!
Cymbalta is by far the best antidepressant on the market.  I have lost weight, eat better, feel better and have my family and my life back.Thanks Cymbalta.
I didn 't give this a 10 simply because I don 't feel it last as long as it should. However, during the time I do take it, it 's great. Wide awake without being jittery. Good stuff.
I have had RA for 50 years (since 16 years old), and have been on gold injections, plaquenil, methotrexate, and now Enbrel with methotrexate.  I have had multiple joint deformities, nodules and joint replacements.  Each med helped at first, but then failed, except for Enbrel.  Thank God for Enbrel!  I have been on it for 10 years and it has allowed me to work full time, something I had previously never been able to do.  I also work out at the gym every day, and am enjoying life!
HELLO FELLOW SWEATERS! I was the worst sweater ever. Everyday, regardless of what I was wearing, I had huge armpit stains and I mean huge. Like a good 5 inches in diameter. And it didn 't matter what material I was wearing or what color, it was noticeable! I would also sweat through huge hooded sweatshirts. I have no idea how that is even possible.When I came on this website I read everyone 's reveiws and thought...&quot;there 's no way anyone on here sweats as much as I do. Its not gonna work for me&quot; but, I was wrong! The first couple nights I applied it, it stung a lot and itched too, but I toughed it out because at that point I didn 't care. And the next day.. TA DAA! No sweat. Not even a drop..it was amazing! Goodluck.
I am 16 years old and had unprotected sex with my boyfriend about a week ago. It was not planned and it just went too far too fast. I took the morning after pill about 2 hours after and experienced an upset stomach a few hours after taking it, resulting in vomiting. I freaked out thinking that the pill was not absorbed in my bloodstream but today I just got my period (thank God) I recommend this pill but not as a regular birth control!! Don 't be like me and use a condom please!
I have taken these tablets before and they really helped me on my path to weight loss. The doctor gave me 3 months supply I lost a stone and a half then proceeded to lose a further 2 stone myself over the following 2 years slow but taught me portion and fat control and that was with barely any exercising apart from the odd burst of power walks with friends during summer months. So after just having a baby 3 months ago I lost 2 stone instantly in first 2 weeks but due to the section I 'm suffering joint pain and tiredness so unable to exercise properly the doctor has given me orlistat/xenical again. It 's my first week weigh in tomorrow and I 've already lost 6lb in 6 day 's and trust me I 've not starved just ate more sensibly.
I have been taking Namenda for almost a year for migraines and it has worked beautifully. When my pharmacy ran out, I said OK for the generic memantine made by Sunpharma. Big mistake. My headaches returned. Coincidence? I think not. I was able to get the insurance to approve a refill with brand-name Namenda and will resume that tomorrow.
I started Latuda after being on risperidone for a couple of months.  Latuda has gotten better and better. Much less anxiety, more focused, less drowsy. I exercise a lot now too which I think helps a lot though.  The only thing is it makes me a little nauseated right after I take it which is before bedtime.
Zoloft was not working. new doctor put me on this and now for the first time in 5 years I can go on long drives.
This medicine is amazing. I used to ALWAYS be the last one to turn in tests in High School. Now I take one in the morning and in about an hour feel like I am my true self. With it I can process information clearly, easily, and very efficiently. Now I have no problems with writing essays, answering in-depth questions, second-guessing myself. I even found that I am a lot more confident with many things (ranging from presentations to girls). I also take much better care of myself throughout the day except when it comes to eating for I do experience the loss in appetite. To describe it, it is almost like an auto tune-up program except for your brain! Adderall is absolutely great for me!
My doctor suggested I go on this so that I could help dissolve my ovarian cysts, help my excruciating periods and of course for pregnancy prevention. Other pills had horrible side effects with my mood, and made me feel worse than ever, but since I 've been on Heather (about 6 weeks) I feel great.. no bad moods, my skin has always been bad, so no changes there, my breasts have grown for sure, I 'm just starting to spot and cramp mildly, but if that 's going to replace my normal excruciating period, than I 'm perfectly fine with that. My job is very physically and mentally demanding, and it hasn 't affected it, accept maybe my breast tenderness. But I would definitely suggest this.
Been using this for 2 weeks and my skin is clear for the first time in years! After reading all of the skin irritation horror stories, I decided do cleanse, moisturise, and then use a tiny amount of the cream after the moisturiser sank in so it wasn 't quite as harsh. I haven 't had any redness and my skin is so smooth and soft! If you have problems with reacting to it, try this. Also the first few nights I only left it on for a few hours. And only use a TINY bit - the bottle suggestes 1 pump per skin area, I spread 1 pump across my entire face. :)
I rate it a 10. This is the ONLY drug that helps my gastrointestinal problems.  I have only been prescribed it twice in several years but, when it was prescribed, the drug took away the pain in the chest and it did not come back. It is great.
I was a smoker for 45 years, one or more packs per day, and have tried to quit numerous times.  Nothing worked, not the patch, cold turkey, gum or lozenges.   With Chantix, it has been a miracle to be able to quit smoking and not even miss it.  I am currently on Day 24 of Chantix and have been totally quit smoking for 19 days!  Unbelievable.   No real urge to smoke and absolutely no withdrawal symptoms.  The only side effect of Chantix for me was a headache in the beginning (took Tylenol and it went away) and some nausea if I don&rsquo;t eat before taking Chantix.  For years I have had a lot of trouble falling asleep and staying asleep.   Had a little trouble sleeping the first night on Chantix, but I have slept like a baby every night since.  No nightmares, but definitely vivid dreams.  I think that means I am sleeping deeply perhaps.  If you are ready to quit smoking and WANT to quit smoking, Chantix will work for you.
My wise and cautious doctor tried 4 different blood pressure medicines in past 2 yrs. Finally amlodopine worked, it brings my blood pressure down quickly. I decided to write this review because I read others that said their BP went down but did not stay down.  My doc fixed that by giving me 2 doses a day.  I take one at bedtime and one after breakfast. It 's working great.
It changed my life.
I 've been on this medication for one week (10mg) and have found it to work quite well. I 'm not running to the bathroom constantly and I am able to hold my urine until I can get there when I do have to go. I am experiencing dry mouth, which I hope will go away, and I have been a little drowsy but neither of these side effects are unmanageable. I started taking Metamucil 2x daily and have not been constipated yet. I will keep taking it but may try cutting the pills in half to make the prescription last longer (expensive!)
I will say this about the patch. It work for me. We 're there side effects? yes. A small bit of bruising and a small rash.I was willing to put up with those side effects because I did not have one craving for a cigarette. I was very happy with the program and have remained smoke free for three years boxing day passed.
I 've been on the Nuvaring ever since I had my baby girl who is 3 yrs now! I absolutely LOVE IT. I have nothing bad to say about it. I can 't feel it during sex and neither does my husband. I would recommend this to anyone!
I have been depressed for almost 3 years. I feel myself fine only a couple hours a week and it feels good, so I have been making my research on fighting the disease without antidepressants, so I work out, eat right, only eat fresh nonprocessed food. I made me feel less pain, and it so delightful, but I still can not be funny, can 't just have a casual talk and I cant learn, retell the content of what i just read. Today started taking S-adenosylmethionine. After taking a 2 200mg pills I ate a little and went to bed, but when I woke up I felt like I want to be doing something, I feel less tension and I hope the result will repeat tomorrow. I as well read that fixing your memory can help you fight depression. So try Vinpocetine Huperzin-a
I am 18 years old and started Effexor 3 months ago for anxiety. It has given me my life back, I used to have a hard time even leaving the house, now I enjoy life. I haven 't been this happy in a long time. I don 't think I would ever quit taking it. The first week I had the shakes, felt nausea, had headaches and had no appetite. The side effects went away and now I don 't have any at all. I am so grateful, its changed my life for the better.
I take 30mg at bedtime, and after only 3 days, I was able to sleep through the night (without having to pee).I couldn 't be happier with the results. 80% improvement in my Interstitial Cystitis. 
I started Latuda about 4 months ago withgradually increases in dosage. This medication has been a wonderful. I have PTSD and bipolar anxiety/depression. I 've taken all the usual Meds depikote, Zoloft and many others with weight gain and other side effects more than I can mention. When it comes to latuda though I have had some restlessness but that only comes when I don 't eat proper meals with it. Otherwise I find that with Trazadone and lamotrogine I sleep well and my  night terrors are better controlled. I love this medication.
I have been on Saxenda since September 26, 2016, today is October 25, 2016 and I just started 3.mg I have lost 20 lbs.  I, too, have experienced nausea and headaches after each time I changed the dosage. It takes about two days to calm down.  So far so good and hopefully I continue this progress.  I started out at 359.8 and as of today I am 339.6
The best PPI I have used and I have tried them all. I was always needing to take the other once daily PPIs twice a day but not this one! My insurance refused to pay for the Nexuim I was on so I was required to switch...I am so glad that happened! Only costs $22 a month with my insurance and the company coupon.
If you 're browsing this wondering whether or not to try it, just give it a chance for 2 months. Everyone is so different, you 'll never guess your own reaction browsing others experiences. But if you 're curious- here 's mine. It was recommended to me for a hormonal imbalance/acne when I was 18. I 'm 25 now and still taking it. First month was awful but I 'm glad I stuck it out. Now my periods are lighter, cramps are milder, migraines are gone, and I did not experience any major side effects (no weight gain or moodiness!). However my sex drive isn 't as high. Not nonexistent just taken down a notch. I still think the benefits have outweighed the cons for me. Also - was switched to Rajani and then back to Beyaz. Didn 't notice any difference
I GOT A 30 DAY SUPPLY OF 150 MG FOR FREE!!!  It would have been $500 as I have no insurance. But my doc gave me a Nuvigil Savings Card!! Plus I get refills for $5! Can 't believe my luck!  So, please ask your doc for a card or coupon. It 's good for both insured and uninsured. This promotion expires at the end of the year though. Not sure if they 'll offer it in 2015.  I 've only been on it for two days but the results have been fantastic. I switched to this from Adderall, which gave me energy and made me more social but made me jittery and did not help with my concentration or organization. Nuvigil helps me stay focused, motivated and clear headed throughout the day.
I have a sprained rotator cuff. I was prescribed Voltaren for Plantar Facilities several months ago. I found no relief from the Voltaren for my feet. When I injured My shoulder,  I remembered that had the Voltaren so I figured it couldn 't hurt to try it. WOW!! AMAZING!!Nothing I have tried orally can even come close to the Voltaren. It is like a miracle. I have never found any medication for anything that was more effective. I guess it just works better for some injuries than others. It is , however, very short acting.  But the pain relief it provides is priceless. I have arthritis in my hands, I don 't find it helps with that pain. For the certain types of injury it works better than narcotic medication. Smells great Absorbs quickly.
I smoked for 35 years. Pack a day.  I never though I could quit. I joined a smoking cessation workshop run by a doctor and social work from the HMO I belong to. They offered an 8-week workshop and 6-month prescription of Zyban at 20% the over-the-counter cost for the drug.The first week of taking Zyban was accompanied by some side effects which I hated. (waking up early, nervous). I spoke to the workshop leaders and said I felt like quitting the drug due to the side effects. They told me to &quot;hang on a few more days&quot; and the side effects would disappear.They were 100% correct!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am so happy!!!!!!!!   I took Zyban for 5 months and then weaned off of it. I never have the urge for cigarettes.
I did not develop RLS until my early 70 's. Began with  0.5mg Mirapex once daily, went to twice daily,(same dosage) then finally to 1mg twice daily, been on it for a year now and is working fine. Tell ya what though DON 'T let your script run out and have to wait. You won 't like it! It 's like going off something &quot;cold turkey&quot;.  I did once and had to wait for 4 days.  Very unpleasant experience. 
I have a horrible stomach virus and I am 8 weeks pregnant. I wasn 't able to keep any fluids down for over 12 hours. I was given IV fluid, and 2 doses of zofran (same thing) and the nausea went away withing 10-15 mins! The doctor prescribed me the tablets that dissolve and within the same amount of time my nausea goes away. I 'm able to drink water, even take a few bites of bread which is a lot. This is heaven sent. I do get headaches easily so that 's the only downfall, but it 's way better then vomiting.
My boyfriend and I were having sex and the condom broke. I freaked out as soon as it happened! It was about 3:10 pm and I took plan b around 4:30. I didn 't really feel any side effects until the next day when I had a headache, super tired and extremely moody. The moodiness might 've been because I was due for my period in a week and a half and I was PMSing but the moodiness was bad. I got my period yesterday and I told myself I would right a review if it worked for me. My period came 3  days early and it 's extremely heavy with bad cramps, but that 's how it normally is but I 'm never early. Also, the things that say it doesn 't work for people over 176 pounds is a lie, I 'm 210 pounds and it worked for me! I hope this helps someone!!!
This drug works so fast, I had my migraine gone in 15 minutes. It 's fabulous!
Been taking this medicine for almost a year. It has been a blessing to have. Helps would cramps and other things too. Doesn 't hurt my stomach.
I am a solid pack a day smoker, if not more on some days. I am currently in the 3rd week of taking wellbutrin. The first week I took one pill/day (150). This did nothing but make me tired, no desire to quit smoking, because I love to smoke. The second week I went up to 300, still tired, no desire to quit. It was a few days into the second week that I went from 1 pack of cigarettes to a 1/2 pack (I had to time my cigarettes, still love to smoke). I am currently in my 3rd week (almost 4th) and I 'm down to 5/day. I just smoked a cigarette and for the first time in my life, I felt nothing. I still feel a little empty, still want to smoke, but this definitely helps take the edge off the quitting process.
I have a 8 year old son with ADHD. He is extremely hyper and unable to focus, school and friends became a true nightmare. We see a wonderful and highly respected psychiatrist. He is very knowledgeable on ADHD medicines. I was told when their is an emotional factor to the ADHD, Clonidine is the best medication for this. We tried Clonidine after MANY stimulants and non-stimulants also anti-psychotics. Clonidine 1.0 mg 2x a day this was the only medicine that we saw immediate results with. The only side effect was the tiredness, which did go away. I started him on the Kapavy 2 weeks ago. This medicine is a true GOD send. He is calm, focused, and far less emotional. We can 't say enough great things. Please give this medicine a try.
Receive 3 injections in left knee and got relief of pain going up and down stairs, sitting position. I have had the pain for at least 12 yrs. I can 't wait until my right gets the injections.
I 've been on Microgestin for almost 3 years, and the only side effect I ever had was that it cleared up my acne completely. My periods are very light now and extremely regular, as opposed to being heavy and sporadic before. Have had constant unprotected sex for 3 years and have never had a scare whatsoever. Oh and it 's free with my insurance. 100% win.
I have had GAD for 8 years, I have tried lots of medication for this with some helping a little, and some not at all. I was started on Pre Gabling two months ago and for me, it was a miracle, I have my life back! I know the Doctors say meds arent the answer for GAD but they are for me, I have had CBT, counselling, hypnotherapy, and nothing worked. But with pre gablin  I have been on holiday with no probs, was actually able to relax for the first time in 8 years. I can go into any social scene and be really calm and enjoy it. All I hope is that it lasts and I dont get used to it. All my friends and family have said how well i am and relaxed and happy I appear. And I really am.
I started nuedexta  almost two months ago due to severe mood swings, angry outbursts and frequent crying episodes. Thanks to this medicine, these behaviors have pretty much stopped. I do think for two generic drugs, that the price should be lower.
I was prescribed Lyrica in conjunction with Nortriptyline for RSD pain. It has proven to be a miracle worker over Neurontin/Gabapentin. Although both make me very sleepy and tired, Lyrica actually put a dent in the level of pain. While on Neurontin I was at a constant 7-10/10, Lyrica has brought it to (rarely) 0 and at most (during flareups, etc.) 6.
This medicine is the best thing that ever happened to me. I had tried several medicines over the years and nothing helped what I thought was stress and anxiety. After I had my baby at 27 I thought I was worse than ever and assumed I had Postpartum Depression. I was surprised to be diagnosed as bi-polar. The medicine worked right away and I have never been happier. I am a better person, mother and wife now.
Before I had another birth control and my hormones was through the roof and made me depressed really bad.. I switched to this brand because lower dose of hormones. So far this brand is working for me! (NO Baby yet) I been using this for about half a year if not a year already. I had missed periods, very late periods, mild mood swings (nothing major) though. Acne pretty bad which I don 't like about it. My appetite decreased major.. I lost so much weight because of it. (Even if I eat regularly) I 'm 21 yrs old and was 123lbs now I 'm 116.5lbs exact. My sex drive increased a little bit that I noticed but pretty much the same I think. Other than that this brand works for me.
I 've suffered from OCD since about the age of 9, but wasn 't diagnosed until I was 44. I was prescribed Zoloft at 100mg a day at first combined with some cognitive therapy. After around a month the dose was increased to 200mg/day, which seemed to work more effectively. I have now been taking Zoloft for 10 years now with no significant side effects (only feeling slightly hotter than before). I found if I didn 't take the Zoloft with a meal or on an empty stomach, I would feel very nauseous. But, all is great if taking with my meal. Zoloft has helped my life considerably. My wife often comments how much more chilled I am and easier to get along with and we can talk about OCD openly with an understanding of why these compulsions were there etc.
I took this medication for a skin infection. 100mg twice a day for 10 days. Towards the end I would get severe nausea after taking it but I never threw up. The medication worked great &amp; cleared up my infection, however I am starting to get concerned it may be coming back on my arms this time. Before it was on my face and scalp. I have suffered from KP my whole life on my arms so I 'm hoping the skin infection &amp; medicine may have temporarily made it flare up worse than normal. I did get the beginning signs of a yeast infection on day 4-5 so I had my doctor call in a prescription to treat it. I took it immediately and continued the antibiotics. The yeast infection was gone within 24 hours. Overall no complaints.
This is the most amazing thing ever. It burns like hell but if you follow the directions it 's a lot more tolerable! I completely stopped sweating within 2 times days of using Hypercare. Before my doctor told me about this I tried everything I could get off the shelves and it would work for a day (if at all) and then I would sweat again. But this will stop my sweating for a couple months at a time now that I 've been using it for a while. I would HIGHLY recommend this to anyone who feels like they sweat excessively.
I was recently diagnosed with gallstones and had to go to the ER yesterday because I couldn 't sleep from the pain and haven 't been able to eat more than 400 cal/day, since eating causes the pain.  They gave me one tablet of Percocet and a prescription for just a few more until I can get into surgery.  I have to say, it is a-maz-ing.  I 've been going through debilitating pain for 2 weeks waiting around for doctors to diagnose me with what I already figured I had and one tablet of 5-325 knocked all that pain right out of me.  Best part is that I was able to eat, take a pill, and even after the pill wore off I both felt like myself AND was pain-free!  I was able to sleep and eat last night and I 'm so SO happy!
Some weight gain and light or nonexistent periods.
I 've been using Tazorac since March 2012. My Dermatologist put me on Aczone to use in the morning, and Tazorac in the evening. There were some burning and itching in the beginning, but it when away. During my office visits I receive Chemical Peels also. Over a month, I 've noticed the dark spots have lightened up and my skin is evened out. Now I 'm getting my face back.
When I first used this, I thought this was a miracle eye drop. My eyes were fully red, bloodshot, and 1 minute after I dropped the medication in my eye, I was shocked to see fast my eyes looked normal.
I 've been married for 35 years. After menopause, intercourse became impossible due to dryness and pain. I do not go to the doctor as often as I should, so I suffered for years, and tried to find &quot;natural remedies&quot; on my own to no avail. I finally gave in and went to a gynecologist. I was embarrassed to even tell him, but I knew I had to do something. He was familiar with the problem and put me on Estrace cream. Within days, I was a NEW person. Saved my life and my marriage. Excellent results and fast!
Love this medication.  I do not experience any side effects and do not feel like a zombie.  I feel like a normal person, but can definitely tell this medicine works.
I have been on yaz now for about a year and a bit for my acne. At first I experienced the same thing as everyone else, bad skin for the first three months. However after that it was strange my skin would still break out for the first three weeks and then be completely clear during my period it was like that for months. I was ready to give up but hung in there I just really wanted clear skin and I 'm glad I did. Seriously 1 year later something clicked and my skin was pimple free. Except for the off pimple on my period my skin is great now.
I had the coil fitted three days ago. I found the actual insertion of the coil painful enough and needed to focus on my breathing to manage it - however, it wasn 't unbearable and it only lasted a couple of minutes (I 'd forgotten to take ibuprofen beforehand which the doctor had previously advised me to do). The pain subsided very quickly and I only had period like cramping for the rest of the day. Apart from some light spotting which is normal, I feel completely back to normal now and I 'm thrilled that I 've had it fitted. I just feel like the two to three minutes of pain is completely worth it for the benefits of having a non hormonal for of contraception that will last for 10 years.
I had basically not slept for like 5 years. I 'd been prescribed numerous meds that didn 't work. Finally, my psychiatrist prescribed Restperil and it has worked wonders. I finally have my life back and can function during the day. I only wish I 'd found it sooner. The 30mg works wonderful for me. I feel great in the mornings and I don 't feel drugged out. I haven 't noticed any side effects whatsoever.
This is the only medication that seems to help with my migraines, back pain and menstrual cramps.
This is the best solution to underarm sweating. I did experience one problem, a little burning under my left arm. After I washed the Drysol off of my left arm and applied some irritation ointment and then the Drysol everything was great. I have been dry all day today and I have only used Drysol for 1 night. I 'm so loving this. I can 't wait to go to Miami I can wear any shirt or blouse I want. I 'm so hyped I give this medication a 2 thumbs up.
Same as most of you, I spent 99.9% of my time freaking out. The condom broke and he finished on a day that my period planner told me I was fertile. I took plan b 45 minutes after the incident. I spent 2 weeks freaking out and stressing. I got my period a day earlier with really bad cramps. It worked, not complaining! Just thought this post might ease someone 's mind!
My rheumatoid arthritis developed about three years ago and was very severe .. very debilitating. Walked at tortoise-pace, couldn 't do anything around the house.I 've now been on Simponi golimumab prefilled syringes for almost that long, in conjunction with weekly injections of methotrexate and 4 tablets of Pyralin and one Plaquenil daily and really feel back to my old (now nearly 70) self. Can walk, chop wood, even play nine holes of golf again. 
i have primary insomnia i have taken ambien, ativan, xanax, mirt, they all had their  issues, ambien does not give one rem sleep, ativan or xanax i got used to real fast, mirtzapine i gained 4 pounds in 4 weeks and will.still wake up 5-6 &times; a night. finally i have been put on 50 mg.  started  working like a charm on day 2. very happy.
Hi I have been drinking Kava for 15 years and I can not tell you how much it has enhanced the quality of my life. Kava has greatly helped with all the stress and anxiety in my life and has given me my life back. I drink Kava using the traditional method used for centuries by Pacific Islanders and I only purchase pure and Kava for reliable sources.  I would recommend Kava to anyone with anxiety, stress or insomnia.
I 'm 18 years old. My doctor just prescribed Buspirone the other day. I took 1 pill of 15 MG couple hours ago. I felt dizzy and light headed for about 45 minutes. I kind of feel out of my element, but I 'm fine. I 'm taking this because I have some what of an anxiety, but it 's not severe. I bite my nails due to anxiety and I 'm a little depressed at times so that 's why I 'm taking this medication. Hopefully it 'll help!!
After thyroid removal, the horrible experience of synthroid, and finally getting on natural desiccated thyroid, I had to switch to t3 temporarily due to my rt3 being too high. The conversion was fairly easy, but a bit taxing on my adrenals. I had to be more careful of stressful situations for a little while. Overall, I am very happy with the t3 and may just stay with it. Although, dosing four times a day is tedious.
I have been on Amitriptyline 75mg for a year and a half. It does amazing things for depression and even pain. I was suicidal everyday until I was prescribed this medicine. I have had only one side affect. Dry mouth! The dry mouth is terrible. I carry gum with me always lol. I recommend this medicine to ANYONE with depression, nerve pain, and insomnia. It will change your life for the better! I promise you! Give it a try!
Controls asthma, with little need for other meds. inhaler ect. No ER trips, no more one week out of every month hospitalized.We are sensitive to sulfa and found qualitest brand worked the best and didn 't have white powdered silica drying agent all over it. That was in another brand and gave him asthma.
I have taken Lexapro for 10 years. I had severe depression/anxiety and was put on Lexapro and xanax-(initially). If I skipped or I didn 't take my Lexapro on time, I would have a bad bought of anxiety within a day. Too much or double up, and my brain was on fire and severe anxiety. But, it has been a life saver. I am totally myself with no weird thoughts or dreams and am happy! Your body will let you know when you should lower your dosage, but that will take a while, like years (headaches were my symptoms). Note for women, I still felt off right before my period. My doctor added the mini pill for the estrogen and now I am 100% all month. P.S. watch some of the generics, some have bad side effects!!!!
I had 4 wisdom teeth removed and it actually took the pain away. I feel a little hazy but completely coherent.
Never had acne but started breaking out in my Mid-20 's. I was put on benzaclin which helped heal faster but wasn 't really preventing anything.  I was really hesitant to go on any tretinoin cream because of the dreaded  'it gets worse before it gets better '.  My dermatologist insisted this gel is very gentle and most people actually don 't have an initial breakout from this.  I trusted him and decided to start using it. It was the best decision I made.  I never had an initial breakout, only some peeling for the first few weeks until my skin got used to it. I have been on it for 5 months now and probably only have had one or 2 pimples since then, and they go away within a day or two now.
Best medicine ever! Lost 30 lbs in one month!
Well taking this for colonoscopy prep was fearing the worse but has been a breeze no pain slight nausea and slight headache started working within 45mins deducted a star as I took my last lot at 6.45 and it now half 11 and still going the toilet I want sleep lol. But does the job and don 't be put off by the horror stories it 's easy just chill on the toilet with a good book or phone. If anything I was actually bored sitting on the toilet so much more then anything and wet wipes and vasoline is a must x
I am on day 12 of Fetzima 40 mg and feeling awesome! I 've dealt with depression for over 15 years and I 've never had a medicine work so quickly. I am also on Abilify 5mg a day. I 've been on just about every med out there except MAO 's.My advice to you is to keep on until you find the right med for you. There is light at the end of the tunnel!!!   My side effects are bad headaches but I will gladly deal with that to finally feel like a normal human being again.
In 2009 I was 35 when they found out I had Pulmonary Hypertension, almost died because I reached the point of having heart &amp; organs failure. But thank God a excellent team of cardiology Drs. Found my case to be so unique that they tested me for everything and anything. After they did a right heart catheterization is when it finally confirmed the PH. Went to another hospital where a PH specialist confirmed the results and did more lab work and the oxygen saturation was 89%. Dr. prescribed Letaris, started on 5 mg but in one month I had to go up to 10mg. Thank God for &quot;Caring Voices&quot; for helping me that first year, now having Medicare and the Extra Help I am still taking my Meds because is the only medication that got my oxygen to 95%.
Very effective for me.
Paxil has helped me live again.
I have a very high stress job. My anxiety got to the point of me hating my job and ending up crying in the bathroom at work most days. I am now on 1mg a day and this is a miracle for my anxiety. No panic attacks and no anxiety at work. I can now function normally at work.
My tremors were getting worse and worse so I went to my Doctor. She thought I had Parkinson 's and referred me to a neurologist. The appointment came through about 4 months later. The Neurologist diagnosed Essential Tremor and prescribed Half Inderal 80g once a day. After taking the meds I felt so much better, I still get the shakes but nowhere near so bad. My muscles are stiff though and it 's causing me problems walking far and my neck and shoulders hurt too. I 'll have to ask whether Inderal is the cause at my next appointment. All in all it 's been great, I especially notice the difference when cooking or eating a meal or drinking from a glass, I don 't spill as much now and it 's less embarrassing when in a restaurant.
Excellent
Axiron works great. After 2 months my my T levels were between 400 and 500. Sadly, my insurance won 't cover it anymore and now I 'm force to find a new option because I can 't afford $500 a month out of pocket.
For many years I was very resistant to taking medications for my anxiety because I watched my mother who is bipolar try many types of medications without success. My anxiety was constant: racing thoughts, hypochondria, worry about my kids, etc. The stress was actually causing me physical pain. I was even tense in my sleep and woke up every morning feeling like I had been in a fight. Elavil was life changing. I started out at 10mg and was bumped up to 25mg after a couple of weeks. The only side effects that I experience are drowsiness (you take it at night, so no big deal) and sometimes weird dreams. I am so at ease these days. I no longer have any stress-related pain. My quality of life has been vastly improved.
I went through a very bad depression state a few weeks ago. I went to the hospital and they put me on 75mg of Effexor-XR and increased it to 150mg after a week. I had severe bladder cramps and waterworks problems while on the higher strength. My doctor reduced the dosage to 37.5mg once every 2 days. I now feel fantastic. One of the main things I have noticed since taking this medication is this. For about 35 years I have suffered with extreme pain from T.M.J(an inner ear problem). Since I have been taking this medication the T.M.J. has gone and I can sleep 8 hours at night, the first time since I was a baby which is 53 years ago.
Lexapro has saved my life. I no longer feel anxiety or major depression. If I didn 't find this antidepressant medication I would not be alive to this day. I am so thankful.
I have suffered from insomnia for over 10 years, I have tried many drugs, develop a tolerance and switch drugs. None ever gave me more then 4 hours of sleep.  I started trazadone about 6 weeks ago, I take 50 about 45 minutes before I go to bed and if I wake up I take another 25 and easily fall back to sleep.  I have no effects in the morning and even feel better then I have in the past.  I do sometimes feel a bit dizzy after taking it, but I know that may happen and plan for it.
I first used Effexor XR 75 mg at the start of 2016 to treat depression/ anxiety. Side effects were things such as dry mouth, frequent urination, problems sleeping at night. After 2 weeks these reduced greatly and after a further 2 weeks my mood improved greatly and my anxiety reduced. My ongoing side effects were strange (not unpleasant) dreams and sometimes night sweats - neck and chest. I tapered off to 37.5 and then stopped October 2016. The withdrawals - head zaps in the main - lasted about a week and were not too bad. I stopped because I  felt so much better.During mid 2017 I went down hill again and was back at the GP 's sobbing my heart out and at home being a complete pain to my wife. I started 75mg again 4 weeks ago. Much better!
Ambien works great when taken as directed.  IT IS NOT INTENDED FOR LONG TERM, EVERY DAY USE. I have used 3 refills which have lasted me a year, although I was authorized 6 refills in that time..  I am very upfront with my doctor and tell him that occasionally, (due to working Midnight to 8), my sleep gets thrown off, so I take ONE, WHEN NEEDED. If your sleep disorder is to the point that you feel you need it everyday, you and your doctor should probably look at an alternative.  Yes, your body can and will become dependent on it, if for nothing else, to sleep.  It can be an awesome medication, when used properly, occasionally and conservatively.
I have been on a combination of medicines to include 45mg Buspar a day for about a year. I used to take Ambien or some other sort of sleeping aid every night as that is when my anxiety was the worse. Now I take an aid about once a week so I am happy with my results. I started out not believing at first but my doctor kept telling me to give it time and I 'm glad I did. I did not see results for the first two months as I was increasing my dosage.
I have had clinical depression since I was a young child. I am now almost 24 and I don 't think I 've ever been happy, for more than a few weeks at a time, in my entire life. I have been on Zoloft and Wellbutrin in the past that did not help at all. I have been on Brintellix for a little over 6 months now and it has changed my life. I 'm a better wife, mother and a significantly better college student. For the first time in my life I feel alive. There are no longitudinal studies on this new drug which makes me nervous. Side effects were severe for about 3 weeks and my insurance doesn 't cover this very expensive drug(why I rated 9/10). Ultimately, Brintellix changed my life. I didn 't think I would ever be happy.
This depo shot has been the best for me I have been on it a long time and I have had no side effects from it I feel full all the time and no pregnancy scares it 's really good
This is my first medication for HIV.  Though I have always had a strong immune system (CDA &gt;700, Viral Load &lt; 200, at worst), my N.P recommended that I should start a regimen, and the only requirement I had for her is that its a once-a-day pill.  As a busy college student trying to complete his first degree, the last thing I want to be prisoner to is my HIV.  I have noticed absolutely no change in my body other than I am happier than I have ever been since being infected.  But I have always used a pill case (though I am only 20 yrs old) for fish oil and multivitamins (Dietetics Major). So, I had no concern about adding just one more pill in there.  Guess the hardest thing is getting a 500 kcal meal in my busy mornings.  Keep strong!
I had Kyleena inserted about one month ago and it really wasn 't bad at all. I 'm 19 and have never had kids and insertion just felt like an intense period cramp. It only lasted about one minute. I was crampy for about fifteen minutes after, but was able to be up and go to class the rest of the day. I spotted for two days. My first period included pretty bad cramps and prolonged bleeding, but after that I stopped bleeding, except for occasional spotting. I love this IUD and would definitely recommend it to others. I have my check up on Monday, but so far so good!
This is my first month on this name brand. Before I used Lessina, which I used for one year and my pharmacist said it 's the same pill under a different name. I have much lighter periods with almost non-existent cramps. My periods are 1 day shorter. I do have a light PMS for about a week before hand, which doesn 't thrill me, but it 's worth the trade off. I have no emotional side effects, and my sex drive seems the same. I still have good vaginal lubrication, which was an issue for me with a different birth control, so I am happy about that. My weight has been up and down my whole life, so I can 't blame the birth control.I 'm a happy camper with Sronyx. I wish it was cheaper, though. 
I have suffered from constipation all my life. I 'm 60 and take medications for my heart and it has gotten worse. I 've been taking Linzess for two months now and it 's a miracle drug at least for me. Sure, I get some diarrhea but if you suffer from chronic constipation that is a welcome thing some days. Just to be able to clear my colon everyday is awesome. Thanks for coming out with this drug. Changed my life.
My experience with Epiduo has been phoenominal. It 's been 2 years and I have developed a solid skincare routine based on it, my skin is looking better than ever. I have recommended this product to two of my friends, who have also seen results.Epiduo is very drying to the skin. I recommend asking at your doctors/pharmacy for a deep moisturiser, I made the mistake of using over the counter brands such as simple and E45 which could not help my extremely dry skin. I recommend Cetraban.Epiduo is amazing, definitely worth a try.
Well, I was riding an unbroken horse and she decided to stand up on me and fell back anatomically in half on me. Least to say I was in some serious pain..... Went to the E.R. and doc said that it was only a severely bruised spine..... Put me on Lortab 7.5/500 's,  Flexeril, and an anti-inflammatory. They are working great and noticed that it cut my pain greatly.
I have type 1 diabetes for 25 yrs. Neuropathy diagnosis for 16 yrs. Was on gabapentin for 16 yrs and it quit working for me. 2 months ago my doctor put me on Lyrica and what a difference my pain in feet and legs is all but gone! Thank you Pfizer for Lyrica it has made such a difference in my quality of life!
I am on day 21. I am 27 years old, married, no kids. Getting it put in was the most painful thing I have experienced. There were two MAJOR cramps. The first when she measured me, the second when she put it in. I had to grip the table, squirm, and groan a little. I had a very bad few minutes after it was put in. I was dizzy and nauseous. I laid down, had water and I was better 20 min later. I had a few cramps the following days, some bleeding, and black gritty discharge. My doctor said was old blood from previous periods coming out. So far I 've had a few cramps every few days and spotting. I freaked out at first because I couldn 't feel the strings, but trimmed my nails and found them.
I get chest colds and asthmatic symptoms in the beginning of the winter for my entire life. This inhaler works better for me than the older ones I 'm glad I have it even if I only need it once or twice a year..this is by far the best inhaler I have ever used
I 've been on this birth control for 2 years now. Just recently, the pharmacy only had a generic brand of the pill and gave me that instead. I will definitely be switching back! I love the pill and it hasn 't made me gain any weight. Also my acne cleared up really fast and now I have none! My breasts went up a size also
I am in love with this product. I used to get shots for my allergies, had my tonsils removed, and suffered for years with terrible snoring and feeling absolutely exhausted with dealing with the day end day out problems. I tried so many medications and nothing worked. Two nights of this and my boyfriend said he came to bed and I was actually breathing through my nose! No snoring, no toss and turn, a peaceful night in bed. Thank you so, so much! It 's already changed my life.
I 've had very good experience with Cymbalta aside from being so expensive. Helps with pain &amp; related insomnia &amp; depression.
I 've been on this now for a month and I LOVE it! My doctor prescribed it to me to take continuously - that way I can skip periods all together. I was very nervous to start it after reading reviews but I am SO glad I did! I was on camila before and since starting Junel my mood has improved significantly, I haven 't gotten a real period yet, and my weight has actually steadied - it used to fluctuate to be higher, now if it even fluctuates I weigh less! The first week I was spotting - not even enough to have to wear a pad or anything. If you 're considering taking this pill, I say to go for it! Everyone 's body reacts differently and it might just work for you :) No bad side effects for me!
I have been using tramadol for three months.  I herniated two discs two years ago.  I have found tramadol very effective and I do not suffer from any of the side effects.  I take 300mg per day.  It is a brilliant pain relief and is serving me well.  I reduced my dose when the pain I experienced between doses eased and I didn 't have any side effects.  I am also taking fluoxetine and gabapentin (as a pain relief).  It works well for me.
Suboxone saved my life. 
Wow. I have been on opiates and neurontin for about 4 years now for debilitating pain in my neck and sacroiliac joint dysfunction among other things too long to list. At first the opiates helped for my pains but as time has gone by they have become a nightmare to deal with. Having to keep upping the doses because they stop working and not to mention the serious constipation that comes with these meds. So i woke up today and decided to only take the Gabapentin..all at once (that would be 2400mg). OMG..i am not in pain, my mood is so incredibly happy and my anxiety is also gone. I have energy...Something i did not have for a looong time!! I am going to try and see if mayyybe i can get off the horrible opiates and stick with my Gaba gaba do!!
My heaviest weight of the year was 243lb on 2/26/17. I started taking phentermine on 3/8/17 with a height of 5 '7&quot; and 237.4lbs. On 4/8/17 I weighed 224.6lbs and today on 4/28/17 I weighed in at 218.4. Side effects I experienced were dry mouth, stomach aches, constipation so I drink a detox daily, lightheaded during workouts. But other than that it has been suppressing my appetite very effectively and I lost a total of 25 within 2 months
I am in my third trimester and the hemorrhoids have been horrible I was in bed for a week and tried ever OTC cream plus home remedies. My OB proscribed me proctofoam and it 's been a life saver. The only thing that has worked.
Is it normal to have a period 3 or 5 days the 3rd year with Nexplanon? I just started having periods again July 2015. It 's every month 3 or 5 days.
I want to share my experience with this drug because I truly believe it 's of utter importance.  My first BC was Depo PROVERA. I bled right through this, and yes it 's common for the first year, also lighter periods. But mine never went away, then brown bleeding. I was switched to the implant, for other reasons, and the same problem still occurred. Then I was put on BC pills to control the bleeding process. All in all, I was backing up my uterine wall with more blood every time I had a period.  Depo Lupron was injected on Jan 18 I bled out all my old blood in a week. I have not had a period or brown bleeding since. My last shot was given March 18. So far, 0 breakthrough bleeding. I love Depo Lupron
Took the pill about 1-2 hours after unprotected sex was very worried because I had just ovulated so I didn 't think it would work but I got my period 2 weeks later! Did experience a lot of cramps and my period is pretty heavy but it did its job and I 'm very happy! Try not to stress because that does throw off your period!
After failing enbrel and humira, my doc moved me to a different class. Otezla has been a great for my severe psoriasis on the palms of my hands and psoriatic arthritis. I went from 100% coverage with extremely painful lesions, unable to use my hands to 100% clearance, in three weeks. My rheumatologist and I both are amazed with the results. I will put up with the side effects as the massive improvement makes it all worth it. Side effects I 've had : headaches /migraines, indigestion, stomach pain, loose stools and nausea. All but headaches have started to subside as of my 3rd week in! Very, very happy here!!
I like this medicine. I don 't have many of the other problems that others have had. I was on Dilantin for years and was up to 1000MG per day until my body had gotten used to it and was still giving me grand maul seizures. My Neurologist after trying many other medicines (a certain combination he gave just made me stumble around like I was a drunk and made the police in my area look like a bunch of monkeys after I had a blood alcohol level of 0.0. Anyway I still have bright flashes and small dark spots and little halo 's but not full blown grand mals. Just remember to drink lots of Water.
I struggled  with agonizing constipation for decades!  My entire digestive system is slow! Drinking up to a gallon of water a day, exercise, fiber nothing worked unless I took dulcolax and it often came with nausea unbearable cramps ( I even fainted on several occasions). I have a severe back issue and the constipation doubled the pain because of the constant pressure. Finally went to the Dr (GI specialist ) and he prescribed LINZESS .  When I picked up the med. and googled it I figured out it was the same medication for which I  participated in a study back in 2009.  Its a life saver !!!! Going every other day is awesome and I was able to put off my back surgery for at least 6 more mo.  No funky side effects! !
I have taken Lomotil for 11 years 2 in the am &amp; 2 in the pm which controls my diarrhea except I am good for six/eight weeks and then for whatever reason it doesn 't work for a week or so.  I even up my dosage but it doesn 't help thankfully the Lomotil starts working again.  Just wish I didn 't have the time it doesn 't work.
I began talking this pill 4 months ago to help with my PMD. The 2-3 weeks following my period I had extreme irritability/anxiety. My periods were also very heavy and accompanied by severe cramps and extreme fatigue and headaches. My doctor recommended this pill to level out hormones and help with cramps. This pill has been amazing. My periods are 3-4 days long and very light. I have NO cramps. My face has cleared up except for a couple breakouts on my chin the last day or so of my period, but they are gone in a couple days. I feel so much better on this pill. Incredibly lower levels of irritability/anxiety.
When my gynecologist prescribed Venlafaxine for menopausal symptoms including hot flashes, little did I know that it is actually an antidepressant. Not only did my hot flashes completely vanish, but I feel generally calmer and at ease (not us anxious or uptight about things). However, this may also just be from finally getting a good night 's sleep. Certainly, this medication has improved the quality of my life!
This got rid of my BV for almost a year. I strongly recommend it to anyone who 's suffering from BV that keeps coming back even after pills and other gels
I 'm a 58 year old woman with osteoarthritis and pain in my knees.  Tried a lot of things that didn 't work including other NSAIDs, shots, tramadol, but have been on this for about 2 months and it is a life saver.  I am able to walk 2-3 miles a day with minimal pain, walk up and down steps, and sleep better.  I haven 't noticed any significant side effects -- perhaps very mild constipation.  I will be deferring the knee replacements for a while thanks to this drug.  I take it twice a day, 75 mg.
This medicine is great it allows me to be able to function and work an entire 8 hour shift. I also love the fact that it does not give me any side effects. It has really changed my life.
I had been taking Venlafaxine for over 3 years for bulimia and severe depression. For two of those years I took 300mg a day (4 x 75mg tablets), two in the morning and two in the evening.Just 2 months ago I decided to stop taking this drug as everything in my life felt fake and I felt numb to all emotion. I tapered my withdrawal from this drug and just over 2 months in, I seriously angry and crying all the time.  The initial withdrawal (first  few weeks) was horrendous, but now 2 months in and I think this stage is just awful.  Loved ones and friend don 't want to be around me as I get angry at the slightest thing.I just pray I get through this, but it is so hard and I feel for everyone else out there in the same boat as me.
I have had my 2nd Mirena IUD removed NOT to get it again. I have had the Mirena for 10 yrs. The moods swings were horrible, hair loss, I was tired all the time with anxiety, depression, weight gain (125lbs) that I could not shed with the IUD, no sexual desire, vaginal dryness, yeast infections. You name it I had it. My doctor at the time would just tell me it was depression ( I was going thru a lot so I fell into &quot;this is my life now&quot; and went with what my doctor told me). We moved I was tired of being tired. I went to see another doctor and had my IUD removed. I didn 't need it my husband had a vasectomy 6yrs ago...I just loved having no periods. It was not worth all the other medical problems it brought. LADIES PLEASE do your research!
I was concerned Mirena would be difficult after reading about it.  No problems having it put in however, a few days after did notice a little cramping.  I don 't notice weight gain and I think it has helped with tending to have a lower abdominal fat.
I have been on thorazine since 1996. I take 1000mg a day. The doctor keep increasing it too. it is the only thing he will give me to sleep. I was on klonopin 1mg before i started the thorazine and it worked great, but my doctor said he doesnt want me to take it anymore because it is a narcotic, so he took it away and doubled my thorazine. He also put me on serequel 200mg twice a day. The only thing is i cant do much but lay around all day. I dont like the serequel but he said its better than klonopin for me and the thorazine dose is getting too high.
I had a severe skin infection on the head of my penis which was horrible. It hurt to pee, move around, even walking was a challenge.  After trying to use a regular hand cream, that did not work, i paid a visit to the dermatologist.  I was then given several samples of Protopic. After about a week of following dosage and prescription my penis was healed and ready. I recommend this product to people who have been prescribed it and advise to use as directed.
The side effects are well worth the pain/inflammation relief attributed to this therapy. One of the few that ACTUALLY works for me. Does require regular monitoring by medical practitioner.
I have Celiac disease and one of the side effects are migraines that use to last 3 or days until I found DHE 45 which was 1st done by IV.  After that I was prescribed the shots until the nasal spray came out. After 15 years of research on my own I have come to the conclusion that either Celiac or other allergens are the prime cause of migraines that last more then 24 hours and maybe those as well;  for these conditions cause swelling in every cell in the body including the neurons.I hope this helps others who suffer from the debilitating pain caused by these episodes.
Now I realize my experience is somewhat limited, but if my doctor had not prescribed it for me about four days ago, I might be typing from a rubber room.Because of certain very stressful life events, I began to experience insomnia about two months ago.  For those two months, I was getting approximately 3 hours of fragmented sleep a night.I started taking 50 mgs of this medicine four nights ago, and I 'm getting 7-8 hours of sleep per night.  This medicine broke the anxiety &gt; insomnia &gt; anxiety &gt; insomnia cycle.  Once you 're in the circle of that cyclical hell, it 's very difficult to break out of it.
I used alli because I wanted to lose weight but needed help with commitment to my diet it 's been about a week and I lost 5lbs surprisingly it helped with my bloating and constipation which may also be why I lost 5lbs in a week not looking for a miracle pill just something to help out like a guard rail at the bowling alley you may not get a strike but at least you didn 't get a gutter ball lol
I loved how the XR worked for me. I was on 50mg at night. Was a 30 day trial to see if it would help me, it did. My GP gave me the XR then my psychiatrist switched me to the IR 25mg so I could take either 1 or 2 pills depending how I felt. That seemed to be working okay but I had another anxiety attack and it has been 5 days since and I am still not recovered. Tonight I am going to take the XR and see what tomorrow brings. Luckily I do go to my Dr. as well. I am sure that I will feel better tomorrow as I felt great the day after my first XR dose.
Have only been using it for 2 months, but very easy to inject and almost painless. I am hoping it will help.
I give it a 10 because I was about to jump off a bridge in order to break the 18 day migraine I had up until this morning. It took 3 days of Migranal but I am FINALLY through the pain. I tried two rounds of steriods, Maxalt up to 3x 's/day for 2 weeks, and FINALLY this worked. Although I am cautiously optimistic, this is the longest I have gone in 18 days without the debilitating pain that became so severe I was willing to go to very extreme measures to get it to stop. Thank goodness my Neurologist thought of it.
I started taking Pristiq about 5 weeks ago.  I was experiencing some nausea at first, but after about two weeks it faded.  About three weeks in I forgot to take the medicine for three days and completely plummetted into a dangerous pool of emotion.  I have been on one other medication, Celexa, and what I like what Pristiq is that I am still able to experience a wide range of emotions. When I was on Celexa I was a little bit numb to things and wasn 't able to cry, at all.  With Prisiq I am more focused and I am happier.
I have Diabetes which caused my painful neropathy in my hands and feet and all other pain medicines the doctor gave just put me to sleep.  I am taking hydrocodone and it manages my pain and lets me live normal.  I only take as needed.
Crohn 's and pancreatitis -  The Dilaudid IV works. Just got switched to the pills.  
I have taken 20 mg of Viibryd for 4 years and it has been the single best antidepressant I have ever taken.  I have taken Zoloft, Prozac, Lexapro, Cymbalta, Wellbutrin and Effexor.  All of them caused major weight gain (especially Zoloft) &amp; none of them continued to work after about 12-18 months.  Viibryd saved my marriage; I am able to easily achieve orgasm.  While the other medicines made me numb and interfered with my sleep, Viibryd has allowed me to feel, but also to cope.I am only writing this today because I may need to finally go up to 40 mg.  But it worked like a charm for 4 years, even through incredibly intense, life changing stressful events.  This drug has been a life saver for me.
I have had a chronic problem with hyperhydrosis. I am active duty in the navy and I can say this has been challenging at work. I have spent hundreds of dollars on Otc brands deodorant and antiperspirant, laundry detergent, dry cleaning all my uniforms after wearing them once and worse of all having that feeling that people are always looking at my sweat or me just being afraid to raise my arms. I have literally been using this for one week and it stops wetness in its tracks. Shoot, even the water in the shower avoids it like a force field. For me it burns like hell but it 's like a good workout. I see it as - at least I know it 's working. Worth every burn.
My very serious problem is my legs. I do always have cramps every time I stand for a longer hours and it really affects my work, after I take this medicine.,I can say that its a miracle! it works for me. I love it!
Quit smoking with Chantix three months ago.  Didn 't want to quit but did it to shut my husband up.  Surprisingly, I don 't smoke and don 't want to anymore.  Smoked 35 years, two pks a day.  Not sure if this is a side effect but my face seems to feel burny and tingly and extremely dry with little red bumps.  As far as the dreams go, I will miss them once I stop Chantix.  I have shopped in every dream I have had and I loved everything I bought!
Within 20 minutes after I took the first pill, the pain began to subside, and was completely gone within 30 minutes.
This drug is amazing....free from my insurance &amp; Within 10days I was &amp; still am smoke free going on 1 month
I have had a severe and chronic case of RLS for 40 years. Twice I 've considered taking my life, when ill-informed doctors who did not understand combinations or rotations, or the destructive effects of the disease, refused to prescribe life-saving medication because of their biases and lack of training. One has to balance the risk with the benefits. I can no longer take Requip or Mirapex. That leaves opioids, Gabapentin, Rigotitone and benzodiazepines. No knowledgeable Dr will cold turkey a patient on a benzodiazepine or any other RLS drug for that matter. That creates suffering and, unfortunately, suicide in many cases. Anyone reading this please find a physician who knows how to diagnose and treat RLS. Support groups can help.
I hated fruit until I suffered from hypokalemia! Now, well I am the banana man! I didn 't know what to do with my inadequate potassium in my blood. With the infusion I am much better and an apple a day away from further medical treatment.
It really helped me stop itching from the atopic dermatitis. I had not slept for days. It does make you very sleepy at first, but then seems to make you less sleepy after awhile.
I have been on many different forms of birth control and this has been the best. I 'm 33 years of age and I 've been on this a little over a year. At first I had experienced a heavy period on and off the first year but starting January 2016 it became lighter and lighter to now I dont have one.  Ive taken the depo shot as well as other birth control pills and this tops them all. I have very bad acne but since on this birth control little to no breakouts at all.  I love it!!!!!!
Age 68. I have taken Cialis for 6yrs. My first dose was 10mg. It worked way better than Levitra. However, 20mg makes me better than I was at 20. I tried taking the 5mg daily, but really can 't afford the $337/month. The 5mg daily gave me the ability to achieve and maintain an erection any time. I now take 10mg every 72hrs. I get really great erections and my wife, 65 likes it. It works after 30minutes on empty stomach, but the full effect takes about 2 hrs. It works great for 36 hrs., and not to bad for another 24hrs., and just okay erections until I take 10mg again after 72 hrs. A slight headache and/or backache sometimes occurs, but nothing too serious.
I was prescribed Ultracet after a car accident.  I found the side effect of constipation a blessing in disguise.  I rarely took the maximum dosage and realized it greatly helped my irritable bowel syndrome.  I take one tablet per day and have little to no issues with loose bowels.
I 'm 39 and had moderate acne since youth. I was clear for years after having my kids but after my 39th BD it came back and I couldn 't get control of it. I just started my 4th pack of Trinessa and it has been awesome. I noticed immediate improvement and after one week I was 90% clear. I have an occasional blackhead that has pushed it 's way to the surface but that 's it. 100% clear skin. I had some pretty bad bloating the first couple of days. And I was really worried about mood swings and depression because of the other reviews, since I have a lot going on in my life already. But I have had NONE of those nasty symptoms. My boobs have grow at least one cup size (bonus!) but I haven 't had any significant weight gain or other issues. Try it!
Have been on the patches step 1 for a week today. I smoked almost 2 packs a day for 31 years. Tried to quit many times. This is by far the best and easier way. Sometimes they don 't stick but I use a band-aid over it to make them stick. The bad cravings are gone it 's just the habit left. So glad I tried the patches!!!
Suffered from major depression. Didn 't want to get out of bed. Lost interest in things. Missed work. Cymbalta 60 mg has lifted my spirits, and taken me out of the depression. Given me back my life and interests. May not work for everyone, but did the trick for me. I also take 5 mg Abilify.
The first contraceptive pill that works for me. No depression with this pill, just a few weeks of heavy PMS-like symptoms (cramps, exhaustion, moodiness) at first, then it stabilized. Trustworthy, predictable, and not having a period but once a quarter has been nice.
I 've been taking the shots for 6 months now and have only had 2 episodes of mild asthma. Before the shots, I had severe asthma for 27 years and was on steroids for 27 years. Needless to say, my bones have suffered the consequence of steroids. I wish this drug wasn 't so expensive. It saves lives. It changes lives but most people can 't afford it!  Including myself.  I was completely disabled from asthma, but medicaid approved this drug for me for 6 months.  I has made an amazing difference.
I got it August 26, 2015 has been doing good so far just got my first period today on September 11, 2015 so we will see how it goes after this but so far it 's good to me. Also my insurance covered the whole thing and I didn 't have to pay out of pocket
My type of acne was small bumbs all over my forehead and not even kidding benzaclin stated working overnight after my first use! Completely dried up my acne and my skins been perfect since I have used it
Nefazodone changed my life. I have taken it for 17 years. Within ten days of first taking it, I stopped dwelling on negative things in life, found myself laughing more thanI had since I was a teen. And, my communication skills increased dramatically. No more brain farts, searching for words from time to time.  I get blood tests 4 times a year to be liver safe. Nefazodone taken in evening,helps you sleep too. It 's a wonder drug
I am 37 and have had Crohn 's since I was 18. Three surgeries of the terminal Ilieum. From 18 to 27 I was very very ill. The Remicade has basically helped me to have a normal life again. I feel great these days, but one gets to the point where you feel good and want to be medicine free. You hear horror stories of people getting off Remicade and getting galloping Crohn 's disease coming back and then the Remicade doesn 't work so well.
I am taking Lysteda for the first time.  It works extremely well. My flow has been reduced by about 75%.  I used to soak through both a super absorbency tampon and overnight pad within two hours.  Now I can just wear a pad and it doesn 't get full.  The only side effect that I 'm experiencing are headaches.  I don 't normally get them, but the results are worth it.
So I 've been on Taytulla for over a month now. I love this birth control! But I must say that when I started out, I had EXTREME fatigue and weakness my body felt so little. But after that I was back to my normal self unlike some other forms such as Nexplanon where you bleed for a long time. I was going to go on Nexplanon but I just couldn 't do it worrying about all the really bad reviews so I stuck with Taytulla and it is amazing! I just gotta keep reminding myself to take it everyday and not forget. Overall, would recommend this!
I am only taking the time to write this review because I see so many negative ones. I 'd hate to see someone not take it and risk an infection getting worse! This drug does work, cleared up my UTI in 2 days. There are some not pleasant side effects--  Nausea, I 've been feeling this one all week, body ache and chills, only on the first day. In my unique case I 'd take any pain in the world over having a strong urge to use the restroom every 30 seconds and intense burning. I 've taken this drug once before and felt fine. Talk to the dr. if you 're concerned, there are other medications out there!
Been Positive since 1999 &amp; Been taking Atripla since 2011 after changing from my first combination. Atripla has always made me undetectable viral load and CD4 has always been up in the 850 &amp; 900 range, side effects only last less than a month for me, its such a wonder medicine. I am blessed.
This injection is amazing for major flare-ups that are not controllable by atopic creme.  I had a shot a year ago and it cleared up my skin completely within 4 days.  I stayed clear for a year exactly before my next flare-up and I went back for this same injection.  Highly recommend for relief and the embarrassment of the flare-ups.
I get on off bouts of severe insomnia this has been my lifesaver 10mg is enough for me to allow me a solid eight hours sleep... I can function better the next day after a proper restful nights sleep
I started experiencing depression and anxiety attacks at around 19 years old. At the time, I didn 't quite realize what was wrong with me, I just knew something was horribly wrong. I have tried every medication known to man; celexa, Prozac, cymbalta, pristiq, viibryd, Wellbutrin... And nothing. The emptiness, emotional turmoil, and suffocation I felt was ruining my life. Then in 2011, I started Effexor. I feel alive again, and I never thought I would feel normal again. The one thing I will warn about is the dependency. If you miss one pill, you will think you are coming down with the flu. If you ever decide to stop, you will have to taper off. Adverse effects: constipation, weight loss, vivid dreams, insomnia, sexual dys.
Really good medicine. But be careful when taking it.
Was diagnosed with depression, then bi-polar, then bipolar   narcolepsy.  Cocktail I was on for well over a year was 5mg Abilify, 60mg Cymbalta and 250mg NuVigil.  Recently came off the Abilify and I can 't even explain how good I felt, not high, not mania, just that &quot;finally, just me&quot; feeling.  I was content with life, at peace and for the first time in YEARS I was even happy!  After a week of no Abilify we decided to begin weaning off the NuVigil.  Been taking 150mg Nuvigil   60mg Cymbalta for a week now and feel horrible.  Don 't care about a thing, no motivation, tired, etc.  Doc said give it a month.  Hope I can last that long.  I just want ME back, as does my wife and kids.
Got the implanon inserted of March last year so had it over a year. At the beginning I bled for a few days an then nothing since! The odd time there would be passive blood but apart from that.. I have gained weight however I partly blame my boyfriend for this for over feeding me! lol. It has done it 's job to prevent pregnancy, and my  'sex drive ' has been fine if anything has improved since I got the implant. I do however get the odd cramps but it just passes after 20 minutes. Everyone is different and will react differently if it is not for you you can always get it taken out. It is definitely more effective that the pill / condoms so I would recommend this to anyone. Bare in mind it will react differently to different peoples bodies.
I have been on  Lo Loestrin Fe  for 3.5 years which is more than awesome, just make sure you take it at the same time everyday without stop. As far as my sex life, you have to be vigilant....date nights and 3-4 times a week exercise. I have four boys so I know about being exhausted. You have to love yourself before you can love someone else. Attitude is up to you. It will go away but you must put up the effort to bring it back.
I 've been depressed pretty much my whole life and been on all different types of medicines searching for the right one then I started taking lexapro. I 've been on it for about a year or so and my mood has almost completely changed for the better.
I have had the Nexplanon implant in for six months and I have very few complaints. After getting it in, I bled lightly for about a month and then my period stopped all together. Overall, my complaints involve my body. I have gained weight, my face stays broken out, and I 'm not as happy as I used to be. But the Nexplanon does its job, just makes me nervous because without my period, i don 't know if I 'm pregnant especially with the way that it mimics pregnancy symptoms.
I was diagnosed with MS almost a year and half ago. I was on Avonex, but symptoms seems to worsen, so my Doctor switched me to Rebif. I wish I had taken this medication from the beginning! I love love love this injection! I have been on Rebif for almost a month now and can already tell a difference. I have not had any symptoms in 4 days! Which is really good for me, because I always have symptoms everyday. I recommend this to everyone! I have had no side effects, but headache. Its been great for me. No injection irritations at all.
I was prescribed Adipex on Nov 10, 2014. I weighed 155 pounds. To some that might not seem like a lot, but it was to me. I had tried working out and eating right and nothing was helping. Today, Dec 22 I weighed 135. I have steadily lost weight since starting it. I skip some days and still feel energetic and not as hungry. The first week on Adipex, I had the worst dry mouth. I couldn 't drink enough water. I still an pretty thirsty but it 's manageable. Drinking water helps the medicine work better. I have also changed my eating habits to use when the pills are up. The first night I didn 't sleep, but now I can go to bed no problem. This medication isn 't a quick fix, it simply is helping you make life style changes to keep weight off.
I like this pill but, I rarely get any side affects. The taste is terrible to me though... its like a terrible mint flavor to me. Your period blood might be brown, mine was, its just my little warning.  The first couple of times I thought it was early stages of pregnancy but that is a side effect that is important!  You blood being brown is not bad its just old blood. I usually get a day of brown stuff and then red the rest of the way through. My period also ends quicker thank God . Pain wise I used to have terrible cramps to the point I would throw up it was so bad I had to stay home from school. During my period now I would get cramps but not as bad as before and just nausea.
I followed the instructions my Dr. gave me, chilled the supred mixed with ice cold water and 2 ounces of lemon concentrate and drank it all down with no problem! I think the lemon concentrate helped by cutting the sweet taste so many people complained about. Started at 6 pm and finished going to the bathroom about 10 and went to bed at my usual time! Got up at 5, took second dose and that went a lot faster! Was at Drs office for 9:30 and was on my way home by 12! Honestly this was not the horrible experience so many people here have described.  Dr found 3 polyps which he removed and told me they looked fine but will know for sure when the biopsy comes back. My reason for having this done? My father is in stage 4 of colon cancer !
When I first started taking Hydroxyurea it made me a little sick. Yet, after about 2 weeks I noticed a slight increase in energy and went from having a hospitalization crisis every 2-3 months to about ONCE a year. I still take pain meds for the smaller pains but my lifestyle had gotten MUCH better. I would recommend it to any person with sickle cell. 
I got diagnosed the beginning of this month, after reading these reviews I was terrified of taking the meds, I took them and I was ready for the worst pain I have ever felt, but actually I had none . I was perfectly fine all night and I slept through the night . I woke up and pooped through my day , no side effects at all . Just take the meds, you will be fine .
I have now been on a 40mg a day dose of Latuda since April 18th, 2011, and it is now September 10, 2011. I have found the Latuda in conjunction with 200 mg of Geodon, I have been on it since 2002. I am now as balanced as I have been in the last 41 years. The only side effect has been a dry mouth; however, I have no teeth, at age 51, and it is not bad.
I suffer from a very aggressive case of Uveitis in my left eye due to Sarcoidosis.  I have already had my right eye removed because of it.  I became part of the research study developing this implant on the advice of my medical team and it preserved the sight in my remaining eye.  I had minimal side effects: temporary pain after surgery, developed cataract (had removed 14 mos. later), increased eye pressure (used eye drops).  On my 2nd implant now - usually lasts about 4 years. Highly recommend to anyone with uncontrollable Uveitis.
I am 30 years old and I have never taken birth control pills before. I had skin that was so dry that every morning the skin on my cheeks flaked off. It almost looked like a bad sunburn that resulted in peeling skin. My right cheek was so red and inflamed but after taking the first pill, I noticed a difference the very next day. I have taken 7 pills and so far so good. My cheeks are soft and finally look like regular skin. The redness on my right cheek is fading and it doesn 't hurt to apply makeup anymore. I am so excited to see how much better my skin gets. No side effects yet. I hope I don 't get any when I get to the other colored pills.
Depakote has worked great for me. It totally helps with mania. The only medication that clears up my head and makes me feel normal. Also it gets rid of my migranes. The only bad thing is a few side effects.  I gained weight and my hair fell out. And I was pretty lathargic at first. Takes a while but once it kicks in I felt like a whole person. I was off of it for a long time and recently was put back on it so going through side effects again but felt a difference rite away.
Have been using it for less then 30 days. Noticed a difference in 3 days (as the pamphlet said). I now feel 62 or less, instead of 90. Not near as irritable. Applying to stomach area where I have a surgery scar, which the gel (possibly the alcohol) irritates. I 've been objective, taking in consideration the psychological aspect.
50 year old male with depression and anxiety from life changes and job.  Resisted for a long time and judged others on SSRIs as weak. Finally crashed and admitted I needed help.  Three months out now on 10 mg/day.  Initial side effects were chills, yawns and slightly tense jaw muscles.  All of that disappeared. Now I 'm free of depressive bouts and greatly reduced anxiety.  Has allowed me to enjoy things again and I get better sleep.  I take it in the morning.
This Is An Amazing Birth Control. I 've Been On This For Five Years And Counting. I Never Got Pregnant, My Menstrual Last About 3-4 Days(Regular Period ) ,No Cramps, Face Is Clear Of Acne, From Time To Time Ive Gotten Moody But Overall I Love It!  I 'm Looking Forward To Getting Off And Starting A Family.
Nine weeks of radiation for prostate cancer and couldn 't pee.Flomax didn 't work at all but alfuzosin worked immediately.
Denavir is the only medication I 've ever found that takes care of a cold sore as soon as you feel the tingle. I just don 't understand why a small tube costs almost a thousand dollars!!
I 'm amazed that within 2 weeks of taking this medication, and I only took 5mg, my hot flashes symptoms completely subsided. Then I was inconsistent with taking it because I kept forgetting due to caring for my mother. I noticed the darn hot flashes returned, but not as bad. I started taking it consistently again every night, and the hot flashes are completely gone. I feel normal now! Thank God!!
After ten years of opiate dependance I 've done it! I 'm clean all thanks to this amazing medicine! It really had saved my life! No cravings! no withdrawals! truly thankful to the wonderful addiction centre and subutex.
First of all I want to thank the V.A. without it I would not have access to this miracle medicine. Have been on Harvoni for the last 33 days. A little tired but no big deal. Will keep you posted.
Imuran greatly improved my systemic lupus erthematous (SLE) symptoms. I have neurological involvement and before this medicine my right foot was paralyzed. I can now walk thanks to this. I had blood work and all my values are normal now which was not the case before. I do not have any side effects either. It has been a lifesaver for me.
I 've been using epiduo gel for a little over a month now and my face has cleared up perfectly....I use epiduo 1 day on 1 day off as I found using it like this doesn 't dry your skin out as much. I 've also been applying dermal lotion to help with the redness and drying of skin and I 'm so happy with the results. You need to be persistent and patient but it does actually work
With the panic attacks I get it seems Xanax works fairly fast, when I feel one coming on, or even when I am in the middle of one.  It calms me down, and I can cope.  I have taken it for several years, and have felt no side effects.  I am glad it is available to me.
I use Azor. I love it. I would recommend Azor to everybody that needs a high blood pressure medicine.
I was originally on Lutera for a couple months, my clinic transitions from Lutera to Orsythia occasionally. They have the same amount of medicine in them so it 's pretty neutral. My experience has been pretty good. No headaches, lighter cramps and shorter period days (3/4). However, I became moody where I 'd get very angry or very sad. It fluctuated but was persistent during my placebo week. My weight also increased a little, went from a size 1/2 to a 3/4 with lots of bloating 3 weeks of the month. Not too horrible I 've been on this transitioning medicine for over a year and have not had any pregnancy scares or babies. Does it 's job well with some side effects.
In my opinion, Lamictal is a great medication. It helped with my moodswings &amp; I didn 't experience any side effects from it. The only reason I stopped taking it was because I was having trouble affording it. Otherwise, I 'm sure I would still be taking it to this day.
I have had the Paragard for almost 3 months now. I am 27 and no children. This is the first form of birth control I have ever used in my life. I was terrified of side effects and literally read every word I could find out about this IUD.  I took 3 ibuprofen for insertion and rode my bicycle to and from the appointment. It hurt a lot but it was only for a few minutes. I was luckily one of the ones that did not have cramping or spotting afterward. My first couple periods have been unreal tho. Menstrual cramps are sometimes blinding and my periods usually last about 8 to 9 days now with 3/4 days of heavy bleeding. With all this said I still love my IUD. Hormone free and my boyfriend says he can only feel it when we are in &quot;funky&quot; positions.
I forgot how well this stuff works. I 've been using Ativan every so often for six years. I hadn 't taken it in ages but had a panic attack tonight and I feel really good now after taking it. I know when my anxiety was a lot worse, it didn 't bring me down to 0 anxiety but took the edge off. At one point in the past I was taking it pretty much daily but never became dependent on it (I only take the 0.5mg dose). I do feel kind of sleepy, but pleasantly so. In my experience the sublingual (under the tongue) type works a lot better than the normal swallowed pills.
Used to treat severe back pain with spasms.  Gave me good pain relief but didn 't help quiet spasms.  Very pleased to find a pain reliever other than narcotics that helped reduce my lower back, neck, and leg pain.
LOVE IT! I take 600mg a day. I don 't think it causes the comprehension problems like Keppra, hard to tell though as taking both medicines at same time.  If my medication has to be increased this will be the one.  I can 't increase Keppra anymore. 
Dyanavel was a great for my son, much better than the Vyvance and it lasted the whole day.  Best part free for two months than $20 dollars there after!
Suffered with sinus problems all my life.  This medication worked almost immediately. 
Hi all,I 've suffered with anxiety all my life due to a turbulent childhood. In recent  years I have gradually become a lot worse, to the point the I was self harming and I overdosed on prozac when I was nineteen.I 'm in my late thirties now and it 's reared it 's ugly head again, it took over me and my life about two years ago. I began to dread going out, traffic stresses me as do people laughter makes me feel scared, it impacted my sleep  and my job, which consequently I 've had to give up; I simply wasn 't coping.Recently I 've been put on 80mg of propanalol and my word!! I feel so calm!, I 'm so relieved!It 's a brilliant medication!
No side effects and a lot easier to my metabolism than Lasix
I 've been suffering from headaches/migraines due to stress, menstrual cramps and dry sinuses for 5 years now and I have to say Motrin is very amazing with results. I would usually take 2 to 3 pills with food and about an hour or 2 it takes the pain away. No side effects!
my Doctor as soon as I start to see the onset of one of these cyst and he goes ahead and prescribes me Cephalexin 500mg capsules. And they don 't even form into what looks like a little bug bite. And again it 's gone in under two days. Cause I 'm not sure I could deal with another Mount St. Helena cyst like before. It disrupted everything I did. It made it hard to sleep, just sit there, putting tops on  FOR SURE, walking, dancing, being goofy with my kids, and much much more. So for me Cephalexin is a miracle working drug. It 's freed up a lot of my life from so much pain and allowed me to be the real me again!  :). &lt;3
It it one of the only things that opens up the sinuses to allow it to drain well, so the infection can heal otherwise the infection never clears out and you can get a clogged up sinus canal.
My periods come about three placebo pills in every month. I have absolutely no cramps (although I did when I stopped taking it for a little while). I had a little weight gain but that could also be attributed to campus food. The only serious issue is that my libido has seriously plummeted.
Unexpectedly my bp was 202/120 when I showed up for my annual visit.Brought it down ro 178/100 quickly.  Given a prescription for Valsartan and was back to 110 over 70 in a few hours.
I have been taking Lexapro for about 5 years now after 2 fairly major &quot;breakdowns&quot;. It has been an absolute Godsend for me. At one point the doctor thought I could come off it but I fairly quickly found my feelings dropping again and went back on it. Now I take 5mg a day and I am fine.
I LOVE THIS BIRTH CONTROL!!!Improved my complexion, No weight gain,NO SIDE EFFECTS,No period!BEST BIRTH CONTROL I 'VE EVER USED!
I 'm only taking 10 mg of Celexa but it has helped. I still get anxious but I realize it as it begins now and can control the feeling by breathing and taking a walk, which I could not do before.  I also take 25 mg of Xanax at night before bed. Celexa works slowly but I have not had one bad side effect. Eventually my goal is to eliminate the Xanax.
FACT: tamiflu will make you vomit if your stomach is empty. With having the flu my appetite was none, just water and orange juice, I took the first dose with my empty stomach and I vomited very bad. For the next 9 doses I eat a decent meal just right before taking tamiflu and had no problem. The tamiflu works pretty well after 48 hours
Just took my 3rd dose of Penicillin VK (I 'm on one pill twice a day for 10 days). My fever and headache is gone and my throat pain is no longer a 10, probably a 5 now. But I 'm also on prescription ibuprofen she sent with too.
I have had rosacea for about three years. My face progressively got redder and bumpy as the years have progressed. I have been so frustrated trying metro gel, and various other topical treatments with no results. I 've tried changing my diet as well as not drinking alcohol and avoiding over exerting myself because I would be embarrassed of my face. Soolantra has literally made almost all of my symptoms go away. I have an occasional day where my face will look a tinge red but it 's a 90 percent improvement from what it was. At first it made my face very dry and it almost seemed to make my rosacea worse. After a month things progressively got better. It 's been 4 months and I can honestly say it 's amazing. Dont give up!
I have tried so many different antidepressants and I never felt right. After 3 months of taking them I would spiral downward and my dose would need to be adjusted. I have been on Viibryd 40mg for 4 weeks now and I feel great.  It has been years since I have felt like my old self again.  I opted for this medicine and to pay out of pocket.  It is worth every penny.
I started using Privine drops in 1966. I started using the spray when it came out several years later. I am still using the spray to this day. Why? Because it works. It does not irritate my nasal membrane like other brands that I tried. Insight pharm has discontinued manufacture of the spray, that is sad. However the drops may still be obtainable.
I can 't take Provigil daily because it is expensive so I use it on days when I need to accomplish important tasks (shopping, housework, social occasions, etc.).Having suffered from depression since my teens, and although my standard medicines help, Provigil is the only medicine ever that has made me feel &quot;good&quot;. I 'm so happy my psychiatrist suggested this medication and I hope that it is approved for depression so that insurance companies will cover it.
For me Otezla is a wonder drug. My Psoriatic Arthritis has been non existent for 9 months now since I started taking Otezla.
Okay, so I 'm back. I took this pill from June 2015-November 2015.I went from 301-262... not bad at all! Well, after I stopped taking the pills I gained some back. I went to the doctor yesterday and I was at 278. I was disappointed, but not surprised because I HAVE been eating a lot lately. I was prescribed adipex again, so I will continue to update. My fiance is doing it with me this time. His weight was 209 yesterday. We both started the pills yesterday and we 've been very energized and feeling really good so far. i 'll check back in in a month with results! :)
Began episodic cluster headaches 15 years ago at age 49.  5 years later they became chronic.  Suffered terribly for a few years until I was prescribed verapamil 80MG tabs with dose up to 240MG 3X/day.  I continually self regulate my dosage to the minimum effective dose; increasing (up to the maximum) when clusters try to break through then slowly cutting back to whatever keeps the clusters away.  My normal maintenance dose is about 120MG to 160MG 3X/day.  When I have my dose right I get ZERO indication of headaches, not even a hint.  I have had no side effects with any dosage of verapamil daily for 9  years but wonder if occasional dizziness may be attributable to the verapamil.  Neither slow release verapamil nor Imitrex worked for me.
I was one of those people who thought nothing would work for me - I was too far gone and beyond help.   Restless, sleepless nights and all the anxiety and depression were killing me.  And then I found Amitriptyline.    At last.....Sleep.   That 's all that mattered to begin with.  You simply cannot underestimate the power of sleep.  During the day I felt far less agitated and less stressed.  Of course life can still throw slings and arrows your way and there are side effects for sure but none as bad as the frazzled state I was in before I took them.
I 've been on it for 11 days so far and I 've lost 22lbs. I started out at 301lbs and now I 'm 279lbs. That 's just with the free starter dose. I completely cut out carbs, sweets and soda. I went for a weigh in today and my doctor almost didn 't recognize me. Most people lose an average of 5-7lbs their first 2 weeks but my 2 weeks isn 't up until Monday. I haven 't exercised at all due to my 10-15 hour work days. I told my doctor I think I lost it this fast because I have no desire to eat. All I do is drink water. I try and force myself to eat but all I get in is a few bites of a protein bar all day. I have severe dry mouth. I 'm going to try the next strength up next week and see how that goes. My goal is 199lbs.
This medication saved my life! Better than any anti-depressant I 've ever tried (and I 've tried A LOT). Currently on it to help with my ADHD and Manic Depression (Bipolar 2)Side effects are small and definitely worth it (to me, at least). Dry mouth and decrease in appetite.I 've also lost 40 pounds since I 've been on it (Went from 182 pounds to *currently* 142 pounds)
I have been on every antidepressant made, it seems. This is the best one by far. Everyone noticed a significant difference within less than a week. I was up to 120mg a day due to my extreme anxiety and not able to leave my house. The 120mg had everything under control and I wasn 't even having to take my xanax, but my doctor felt I had began to become &quot;flat&quot;. He dropped me back down to 80mg and now all of my anxiety, irritability, inability to focus, have came back worse! I actually have a call in to him to see is I can go back up to 120mg. Even with the issues I am having now since my dosage was reduced, I still think this has been the best medicine I have taken.
I started using Zoloft on Wednesday the 5th of December 2012. Todays date is the 8th of Dember 2012. 4 days, it has only taken 4 days for me to feel like a new person. I have been on it before, therefore i know what side effects to expect. Everybody is different but i suffered from loss of appetite, headaches, nausea, a bit dizz, lower back pain, trembling hands. This only lasts for a week or two. I used to cry for no reason (even at work), snap at my partner for stupid things, i was paranoid over everything, socially scared (always wanted to stay home). I haven 't cried since being on Zoloft, nor snap at my partner. I am a new person now. I 'm so happy and look forward to my new life.  100/100.
I thought a long term user review might be helpful. I 've been on Genvoya for 3 1/2 years, I was part of one of the Gilead clinical trials. I 've experienced no side effects at all, may have something to do with taking antivirals for 10 years. My kidney function has improved and CD4 count has doubled.  Keep in mind that the drugs in this combination aren 't necessarily new, but the manufacturing process makes it safer on the kidneys and bone density which is why it was developed. If you can get past any initial side effects, I would recommend it. Long term use of antivirals can damage the kidneys, and this is a huge improvement. I noticed a lot of the reviewers were newly diagnosed. Exercise, eat well and take your meds. It does get better.
I 've been taking trinessa for about 8 months now, and I am satisfied. No pimples, my period is lighter, I also use to get the worst cramps and nausea and now no cramps, or anything. I haven 't experienced weight gain, my boobs do feel a little bigger though. But so far no complains
I am 13 years old and was diagnosed when I was in kindergarten. I started taking medicine when I was in 1st grade. I started to use Daytrana when I was in 4th grade. Only my close friends and family knew I had ADHD. I was so embarrassed and was made fun of all the time. I was on 15mg but for the past couple of months I switched to 10mg. It works great and I recommend it to others. The patch you just stick on your hip and take it off after 9 hours. Sometimes I forget to take it off and can 't sleep at all and if I don 't take it I will bounce off the walls and I will eat so much that I either throw up or be very sick. When I do take it I feel like a normal person. It is hard to get the backing off sometimes but if you are careful it comes off.
Helps me for depression. Now I am off Xanax and Xanax XR. 
I had sex with my boyfriend a couple of weeks before I was predicted to start my period. After intercourse, we discovered that the condom had broken. Within an hour after, we went to the store and bought the Plan B pill. It was expensive, over $50 for just one pill. I experienced diarrhea, headaches, some spotting, and EXTREME mood swings. Of course when I started spotting before I started my period, I was freaking out because I thought that I was pregnant. But I found that spotting is one of the side effects. The day before my projected period start day, I STARTED MY PERIOD! I know it is close to impossible to not worry about this, but don 't worry! I was doubtful that it worked, but it does! Sooner you take it, the better.
After two 100mg doses of Macrobid in 15 hrs my UTI symptoms such as a non fully empty bladder and a pinching pressure on my bladder with more urine coming out. Still many trips but all the urine comes out for the most without discomfort. Side effect: headache each time I took a dose. Still within the 24 hour mark but noticable improvement
I have been undetectable for a long time.
I have had issues with trying different birth controls for years and I was scared to try this one because I 've heard some pretty scary things. I 've now had nexplanon for about a year and it is THE BEST DECISION I EVER MADE. I got a period my first month for about 10 days, by I was also on some fad diet so I 'm not sure if that played into it. I haven 't had a period ever since and it is the most wonderful thing ever. No period cramps or spotting and I 'm able to have sex without worry. Getting it in was incredibly easy as well, they numb your arm which is the only little pinch you feel and the it 's in for 3 years! My arm didn 't bruise half as much as some pictures you see on the internet and it wasn 't painful at all!!
Had a minor procedure and they used propofol. Went out like a light almost instantaneously, next thing I knew I was in recovery feeling absolutely fine with no side effects at all. A couple of hours later I was at my daughters university graduation ceremony feeling great.
I have psoriatic oseto arthritis and this controls pain well at 1 mg 4 times daily Heavy fatigue, low blood pressure
My Doctor prescribed me Cephexin and it has worked wonders. I 'm so glad I 'm not one of the ones that got those horrible a side effects. However, for those of you that did I 'm so so sorry. That sounds like an extreme nightmare. I wouldn 't wish on my worst enemy. However I wish I would have have known about it before I got this huge stiff abcess cyst in  my arm pit. ( in fact that seems to be the only place I get cysts is in my right arm pit. But this one I let get so bad I had to my Doc 's right away but he 's too hard to get into quickly, so I settled for the nurse practitioner. Let 's go back just a bit, I mean this cyst was so big and hurt so bad I couldn 't put arm down all the way without almost crying. So I got there and this is the antibiotic I  got
Let give you my take on the medication. I was nervous about taking it after reading all of the other reviews. I prepared myself by wearing comfortable clothes and applying Vaseline to my bottom. I chilled the suprep for a day and mixed it as directed. I actually enjoyed the taste - like a mediciney grape flavor. I drank the entire thing and finished off the required 32 oz of water in about 15 minutes. I felt comfortably full for about 40 minutes until I had the urge to go. I had a smooth and (for me) quite a large movement. Had a few watery ones after that. I felt GREAT after the first round.I continued drinking apple juice and jello - as much as I could - until it was time for the second dose. Nothing but warm water came out. Loved it!
After doing a lot of research and talking to my doctor about my options (she recommended an IUD but after looking into IUD options the pain of insertion didn 't seem worth it). I had nexplanon inserted in February of 2016. The insertion was literally painless. I am a big wimp when it comes to shots and needles in my arm and I couldn 't feel the numbing shot. I had a large bruise afterward, and my arm was sore for the following week but manageable. Over the following months, I definitely gained weight, but I attribute that to bad eating habits and lack of exercise (lost all the weight pretty quick after resuming a healthy diet). I never experienced any heavy bleeding, just skipped a month between menstrual cycles.
Not pregnant! Took the pill about 30 mins after he failed to pull out, and made sure to eat some food and drink water with it. I started reading the reviews and was more worried about the side effects than the possible baby. I had a very mild headache for the next two days, then got my period 5 days later, which was two weeks early. It was a rather weird and painful period and now my hormones and period schedule are a bit off but it went much better than I thought it would.
I have been taken Clonidine 0.3 mgs. twice a day for 4 years along with my anxiety medication and has helped tremendously. If I were not to take it I wouldnt be able to function properly.  So yes I definitely rely on this medication to help keep me functionable for taking care of my children and keeping our home in order.
Have tried several different brands before Aciphex.  I love it. I have not had heartburn in 5 months.  Unbelievable.
Hi Ladies I wanted to share my experience with this orsythia pill. Well I have now been takin it for about 5 months and I Love it. I was on the nexplanon for 6 months before I changed it to the pill. And it was the worst so many symptoms like headaches and nausea and always so hungry. When i had my son I was weighting at 200 pounds before I had him and lost 30 when I gave birth so I was down to 170. I tried my hardest to loose weight with the nexplanon after inserting it after giving birth. I dieted well eating 1,200 or less calories a day doing 3 hours of workout and nothing. Right when I switched to the pill I started losing weight rapidly I was at 170 and now I 'm at 142 in less than 4 months and I havnt been as hungryâ¤
I took Latuda yesterday for the first time. I took it around 5 pm. I couldn 't sleep well during the night but that was probably just getting used to the medicine. Went for a walk for exercise felt great. Felt pleasure again. Felt joy and happiness and love.
This medication literally saved my life. I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder Type 1. I also experience mixed episodes and psychosis.  I 've tried countless antidepressants, mood stabilizers, and antipsychotics. Upon being recommended this anticonvulsant, I was skeptical. It took a while to titrate to the effective level. I am now on 300 mg of Lamictal every day. This medication gave me head aches at first, I also experienced weight loss. I still have my bad days but they 're not as intense and frequent as they were before this medication. I now have the will to live again, thanks to lamictal.
I have suffered with getting cold sores since I was a kid never bothered me until a few years ago i began getting them as soon as one would heal another would form.  So I talked to my DR. and he prescribed Valtrex.  It was amazing as soon as you get the tingle of the cold sore take Valtrex and the cold sore raises a little but the blister never forms.  I can not say enough about how it also has changed on the frequency as to how often i get them now.  maybe every 6 months to a year between outbreaks.
In March 2016 I went withmy friend to Rome. Within days my face was covered in acne. I was extremely depressed and self conscious I have never had acne before. I went on 80mg and the first 1-2 months didn 't notice changes. After the trial period it cleared up and I 've been off for two weeks. I have a few pimples but its basically nothing. I wash my face and use a topical. It worked but unfortunately it does take time. I 'm basically 100% clear now minus some blemishes which will go away in time. Stay with it and stay positive.
Thank you chlorpheniramine! After 4 years of daily suffering with the mysterious  'chronic phlegmitis ' that no doctor or internet forum could answer, I found this by accident and to date has been the only thing to positively affect and practically halt the terrible constant post nasal drip. No other antihistamines or steroid sprays or mucolytics or decongestants touched it. And it has the added bonus of potentiating my pain medicine for chronic pain. So I thought I was in heaven one day to find less pain and the post nasal drip decreased.
I got on the shot when I was 17. I 'm 18 now. I 've gotten it roughly 3 or 4 times. I had always had AWFUL periods and at the time it had been four years since I had gotten my first period. Initially I was scared to get the shot due to the things I had heard. I heard that it could cause weight gain, mood swings, excessive eating, and it could even result in making your period worse. Once I got the shot, I had my period maybe three times after that and it lasted for about three days each time. I haven 't had a period for six months which is amazing when it used to be something I struggled with often. I weighed 117 pounds when I got my first shot. I weight 114 now. At first I was a bit on edge with my attitude but it was nothing serious.
Worked extremely well. Discontinued it though because of fear of dependency. But when I took it, it worked perfectly.
I didn 't want Implanon, my mom is a nurse and told me I should get it. HONESTLY, with me being a huge baby it wasn 't that bad. It hurt for about a good week and a half. So I love it, I 've had it for 6 months now, I love it. I really think this works 100% ..I love it.
I had my Mirena inserted in 2009 and I have yet to experience any major issues. Yes, in the beginning I bled for 3 months with a day or two in between with no bleeding at all, and I had thoughts of getting it removed but never did. It has been very effective and I am glad I kept it in. I have very light cycles now where I might spot for about 3 or 4 days and that 's it. I 'm relieved that I don 't have to worry about unplanned pregnancies and I do plan to get the new one installed next year prior to my current one expiring.
It is very helpful.
I had Hep C for 14 years without treatment. Took Harvoni for 8 weeks with no side effects and I 'm now 100% cured!
I read reviews before taking.  I was very worried as I consider myself to have a weak stomach.   I only took two, don 't tell my doc, everything was normal so I took the 3rd an hour later.  An hour after that everything still fine, no feeling at all of abdominal pain!  Also, no need to go to bathroom, I did drink some water but not a lot.  However, 15 minutes after taking magnesium citrate I did go 4 to 5 times without stomach or organ problems.  Crazy.  Also, the miralax didn 't even really work and I usually have bowel movement 4 to 5 times a day.  Even though I have had lots o water out of my butt I feel like not enough solids came out, strange.
I am 72 and have tried EVERY diet since I was in junior high school.  I have been taking Belviq for about 30 days and lost over 10 pounds - 30 pounds to go!  This is the only diet pill that doesn 't make me edgy and greatly helps with cravings.  I used to &quot;graze&quot; all day but now I don 't think about food and snacks when I get bored.  It is a great medicine!
I am 43 and have suffered for about 10 years from extreme tiredness, acne around the mouth and chin, and weight gain. Was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia in 2000. Started taking Metformin 3 weeks ago and have had little side effects. I am also taking spironolactone. My biggest complaint is severe, sudden cramping in the small muscles in the front of my legs and toes. Taking calcium with magnesium seem to help. I felt tired for several days, but have lost 5 lbs already. (Could also be from water weight). My brain seems less foggy and I don 't feel as depressed.I do not eat sweets in general, but this medication has affected my appetite in a good way!!
I 've been taking Cymbalta for anxiety and dysthymia for 3 months.  It is the best medication I have tried in 10 years of treatment.  No weight gain, not as lethargic, and my attitude has been much better towards life in general.  Right now I am on 60mg a day.  I 'm not sure if I can go up from here but even if I don 't, the way I feel now is better than anything else I have tried including prozac, lexapro, welbutrin and several others. I do have some dry mouth and sweating but it is tolerable.
I was prescribed clonidine for my inferno day flushes, and uncomfortable night sweats, 4 weeks ago. I take 0.025 micrograms, 4 times a day, and after the third week, I started to feel like myself again. The flushes are just a mild warmth, and the sweats have almost disappeared! They were a bit tricky getting use to initially, but my ability to focus is returning, the strange headache has reduced by 90%, and I 'm actually feeling more human now. I 've been told the effects of the medication won 't last long term, so I 'll need to look into that, but for now, I feel great! 
I was prescribed Mobic for arthritis in my right hip. I lost range of motion and had difficulty putting on my right sock and shoe. After taking this medicine for 3 days I have noticed the hip pain has diminished greatly, about 80% back to pain free. But this medicine has also helped with my other joint pain and stiffness. I now feel closer to my age of 48 instead of feeling 78. Bending over to pick something up off the floor is easy now. I feel great, no side-effects yet.
For many years, I had intestine cramps. I used to take medicines. By afternoon I used to again pain. Also cholesterol used to be high. Type 2: diabetic was identified. Since Nov 2013. I am using. Janumet 50/1000 bMy intestine aches zeroed. So is cholesterol. Levels. I feel good.
I have been on Yaz for 3 and a half years, and I have not had any issues. I have regular periods, I have no weird side effects. I fluctuate in weight by 5 pounds now off and on. I read all of the scary lawsuits against Yaz, talked to my doctors and the lawsuits failed to mention the other issues that girls had other then just the common factor that they were taking Yaz. PLEASE DON 'T BE SCARED OF IT. I was and its a stress you don 't need. I have been fine, and many others have too.
Worried about the side effects of taking ramipril decided to split first dose to ease the effects.....2 months and all going well, maybe slightly more tired than i was before but can live with thatBefore BP was around the 150/95 now 120-130/80
28lbs lost in 2.5 months using saxenda (dose between .6-1.2) &amp; following doctor 's guidelines for eating.  Didn 't exercise during the months. I was losing except for physical therapy 1x a week for back.  I 'm at a good weight for me (4 '11&quot;, 106, age 50) and have been maintaining within 2-4lbs for about 2 mos. now but still using saxenda.  Haven 't been super strict with diet but not going crazy either.  Added light weight training and walking on treadmill 5-6 days a week right before Christmas.  If I overeat a day or 2 I go back to watching and the weight comes right back down.  Thankfully husband 's insurance covers drug because mine doesn 't.  Feel great, cholesterol &amp; blood pressure good again, back is better, and clothes fit.
I fell at work on my knees and have had severe pain ever since.  I have been using 50 mg Ultram (Tramadol) for about 3 months and I can honestly say that I am able to function at work and during my daily life.  I have been on hydrocodone and Lortab and both of these medicines make me sleepy and just out of it all day. Ultram helps me quite well but after 5-6 hours I am ready to take another one.  Dosage is 3 times per day/every 6-8 hours.  My family is happy and so am I.  I would recommend this medicine, it truly works.
I had the Implanon put in March of 2009 and had it replaced in March of 2012 because I love it! Insertion was a breeze, and with the exception of the anesthetic, virtually painless. I have not had a full period since that first month with only (extremely) light spotting every few months. I have not had any noticable weight gain or mood swings due to the Implanon and even less outbreaks of acne since starting it. I would say the only downfall is also a perk, not getting my period. I have worried that I was pregnant, but it was just worry. Replacing it was just as effortless as the initial insertion. It can take anywhere from 3-30 min to remove it but it doesn 't hurt. You will feel only a little bit of pressure. Mine only took 5 min to remove
I love Nexplanon. I 've had it for four months now and I was extremely worried because I don 't take very well to birth control. I 've tried about three different kinds and they all gave me horrible side effects. So I thought I would get the non stop bleeding like they say 70% of women get. But I didn 't. I got headaches for the first month and no period for two months. The last two months it 's been just a light spotting off and on for about 3-4 days. Which is the length of my normal period. I don 't get any warnings that my period is coming anymore. No cramps, no sore breasts. Nothing. I do get food cravings more often everyday and I have an increased appetite and a tiny scar at the insertion site but that 's all.
Constipation &amp; sedation...but great pain relief
Back in 2013 I started having terrible panic attacks in public. I was agoraphobic with in weeks. Started taking Zoloft in Nov 2016. This month as of May 2017 I have been able to go places by my self that I have not been able to since 2013! It 's the most amazing feeling to be able to go out again anxiety free. I think you should give the medicine longer than 4 months. At 4 months I felt good but couldn 't go out by my self or go to far from home . I 'm on 100mg a day. I had extreme fear of medicine wish I would have seen my doctor sooner. I couldn 't even imagine doing what I 'm doing now. My life seemed over after 3 years of basically being house bound. When I did go out it was hell. The side effects were not bad at all I have none now.
My entire functioning life is over with the removal of soma from all Dr 's ability to write. Without Soma I 'm having a hard time with living and working. 
The condom broke on 3/11 and my boyfriend finished completely in me and I took the pill immediately after ,  I was so so worried and thought I would be pregnant. Today, 3/17 I started my period. A week earlier than expected. This worked for me!! Don 't worry !!
I got immediate relief from my Trigeminal Neuropathy within an hour of taking this medication. This was after having several Radio frequency ablutions which would only last 4-6 weeks. I was suffering for over 7 years. I had tried Neurontin, Topamax, Lamictal, opiates and more.
I had low intense back pain for 2 yrs. This drug works great &amp; I tolerated it well. I did a 7 day regimen as prescribed. Now I am pain free &amp; will use if I have a flare up. It worked for me &amp; did so after 2hrs of taking it.
I am in my early forties and menopause hit me at an early age. I struggled with whether or not I should go on HRT due to the risks.  With that said, the symptoms were creating shear havoc in my life (severe hot flashes, night sweats, insomnia and decreased libido-my poor husband).  I am happy to say that after my first application, I slept through the night for the first time in two years!  My hot flashes have decreased and I don 't have that foggy feeling in my head. I am on Vivelle dot and a progesterone regimen. (light doses).  I began Vivelle dot two weeks ago and would highly recommend it.
Had 4 treatments 3 weeks apart. Symptoms still hanging on a month after completion are wrinkled fingertips and a slight feeling like I touched a hot cookie sheet. Very sensitive to spicy foods as tongue felt burnt too.
1 month mark and 19 lbs down. It is working. Contrave costs $70 with their discount code. Insurance does not cover it. Sign up with Conrave online AND use free &quot;Scaledown&quot; membership.  Scaledown will send you a free digital scale that sends weight results wirelessly to program. Then you track your progress online or by mobile. Using both I have lost just under a pound every day. Regarding the side effects. Constipation. If you already are someone with constipation problem it won 't make it any better. Increase the leafy greens. I lost my habitual need for coffee, iced coffee, other sweet/savory cravings. It just disappeared. Overeating now results in intestinal cramping probably because of smaller stomach. Protein and Veg is helping to lose.
This absolutely works.  I quit twice but I needed more than 2 months (doctor did not think so).  When I got a new RX last year, the cost was out of sight...185.00/month.  I had hoped the cost would come down because I know it works.  For now, I am in limbo......
I got Nexplanon March 23, 2014. I didn 't bruise after getting it and didn 't bleed. I don 't get many periods, and when I do they 're very light. I 've had one normal period since getting it. I gained weight but it 's nothing I can 't lose at the gym. I love this birth control and will definitely be getting it again when the three years is up.
My 5 year old son was diagnosed yesterday with influenza. When his fever reached almost 104 I took him to urgent care. He got his first dose only at midnight, but I could see a big difference today. Yesterday he was all lethargic and his high grade fever kept coming back every 4 hours. Today his fever was lower and so far, for the last 7 hours, he is fever free! I think this medicine really works if given early enough (my son got it within  30 hours of symptom onset).
I totally love it! The best medicine that they have ever ever come out with for diabetes type 2!
I LOVE Belviq! I am just starting my 4th week and have lost 13 lbs but more important I have lost a total of 10 1/2 inches from chest, waist and hips. I feel better, I look better and best of all...no side effects!!! Belviq has helped me curb all my cravings! I have cut out pop, sugar, fast food and most dairy. When I do eat, I am very satisfied on very little. My daily calorie intake is 1200 or below. Now I just need to find time to exercise. Oh and one good side effect is that I sleep like a baby!!! And maybe it does make me a little thirsty but that 's okay cuz water is so important to weighthe loss. I try to drink at least 80 oz of water a day. Did I mention I LOVE Belviq? Well I really do! Looking forward to losing 50 more lbs!
Worked great, after the first use my itchiness was gone.  And the skin is slowly going back to its regular color.  Would highly recommend!
My husband has had depression and at times severe anxiety for years. He would have anxiety attacks so bad he was sure he was having a full blown heart attack every time, and his anxiety prevented him from sleeping because he was sure he would die in his sleep. His depression was bad as well, he was sure the world would be better off without him. He tried different medications but nothing really worked, some seemed to improve things a little bit but for the most part I had given up hope that any of them really do much. Then he tried Zoloft. For him, this was the one. It took the edge off after about a week, after two weeks I could definitely tell a difference. After about 6 weeks he was back to his normal self.
If a doseage has been missed , I can feel the difference within twelve to eighteen hours.  I work a physical day and if not for Spiriva and my Salbutamol inhaler , I wouldn 't last a few hours.
I have been taking Contrave daily for four months. Week 4- Week 5 was the worst in regards to side effects. I took 1/4 of a Dramamine to counteract the nausea &amp; dizziness as needed. Also, took a stool softener as needed from time to time.To date, I have lost 32 pounds. Doctor recommended low carb/no carb diet to go along with the Contrave. I also excercize at least three to four days a week. I look forward to reaching my goal with the help of Contrave. Patience is a big part of weight loss. You didn 't gain the weight you want to lose over night, you can 't lose it all over night.
I loved this pill and it worked wonderfully for me. As long as I ate with the pill during the first week, I never felt nauseous. The only reason I 'm having to switch now is because my insurance no longer covers enough of it and I can 't afford $150 a month.Very nervous to leave a pill that worked so well for me.
My 6 year old daughter was put on Daytrana about 8 months after trying Vyvanse and Strattera without success. We had immediate results. She was focused and even her handwriting improved. The patch did leave a red mark that I found Eucerin cream was good for. Here is the but: She developed a tic.  Don 't let this discourage you. I know of others on Daytrana who have been taking it for over a year with no tics. It really worked great.
I get reoccurring Bacterial Vaginitis. This medication is the only one that works. I 've used tea tree oil suppositories, &amp; 500mg boric acid suppositories. You can possibly get a yeast infection if you are sensitive. Boric acid suppositories are the only thing that works for clearing up a yeast infection. Bacteria that cause Bacterial Vaginits can be held in the urethra of a man so I would be aware of reoccurring infections with the same partner. Maybe get him treated also. Keep your sugar intake low. Strengthen your immune system.  The gel is more expensive but seems to be soothing. The pills will get you well but do NOT ingest alcohol at all or you will get violently ill. I forgot at a work function once, never again!
I was very apprehensive about taking yet another anti-depressant, however, I decided after much prodding from my doctor to give it a try. I suffer from moderate anxiety and depression. I was in denial about it and it took a lot (I mean a lot) of my hair coming out from stress for me to admit that I was not okay. I am a 26 year old woman- so this was a big deal to me. When I first started Pristiq I was determined not to like it. I did suffer from most of the side effects (dry mouth, never hungry, excessive sweating, jitteriness, not feeling &quot;right&quot;, and sexual problems) but after sticking it out for about 5 weeks- the side effects really started going away. The only one that I have a problem with now is sometimes my heart will race.
I have been on contrave since October 2016. I have currently lost 30lbs. I started my weight loss in February 2016 at 225lb. I am a 5 '9&quot; 35yr female. The first months I was on adipex and lost 50lbs with that plus diet and exercise. I currently weight 145lb and consider myself at a stopping point. I feel contrave  is highly effective. Especially along with the scale down program. I do not have an side effects that bother me to much to stop. Mostly dry mouth. For those of you who don 't give it enough time I highly encourage you to give it more time.
I just recently started my Suboxone induction 2 days ago. I am 20 years old an have been addicted to opiates since I was 17, at worst I was using 4 O.C 's a day or 5 baloons of heroin a day. Only using Suboxone for 3 days I am very happy to say I 'm starting to feel normal again. No withdrawals at all. I am currently taking 8mg 2 times per day. Without this drug I would be spending 150-200 dollars a day just to feel normal. My goal is to gradually wind myself off of Suboxone and be completely drug free and get my life back. Opiates are by far the worst drugs out there. If anyone at all has a physical dependence on opiates I would strongly recommend SUBOXONE.
Two scripts (different mg) Kadian(brand only) therapeutic amount by far the best long acting narcotic I 've taken (with Lyrica ,Topomax , Zanaflex, etc). Struck by lightning- neurological effects; fibromyalgia; thoracic outlet syndrome; spinal stenosis in cervical, thoracic &amp; lumbar. 3 level lumbar decompression -power wheelchair; thoracic spinal surgery, and so much more.
PLEASE READ:Are you afraid of shaking people 's hands? Do pencils slip from your grip? Have sweaty hands during the dead of Winter? Afraid of handling loose change? Do you WANT a change?LOOK NO FURTHER THAN DRYSOL!I 've had all the above problems and MORE for so many years; I 've been embarrassed and socially anxious because of hyperhydrosis. Finally I went to the pharmacy and the pharmacist recommend Drysol. I had never heard of it before, but what more could I lose? My actual hands?I tried it every night for 4 days now, and it keeps getting better and better. We went to Church today (Christmas) and during the peace offering my hands were completely DRY! I owe my life to this product. God bless them. I recommend it to everyone!!!!!!!!
I have been on this pill for about 8 months now, and I go on here and read these reviews and wonder where people are getting this from. I understand everyone 's body is different, and reacts differently to different pills. For me, this pill cleared almost all my acne, I haven 't gained weight, my super painful cramps have almost vanished, my flow isn 't as heavy, the only real bad side effect I have noticed is the mood swings, but even those are not that bad. It 's a great pill.
I have taken Levorphanol for 18-months.  This is the absolute best pain medication I have ever taken. I have Fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis and severe lumbar-sacral issues that are too far gone for surgery to help.  This pain medicine has a half-life of 8  hours.  100% of pain is gone... it even relieves nerve pain.  All the pain relief without the foggy  'codone-head ' that you get when you take any of the &quot;codones&quot;.  It is relatively inexpensive also.  I totally 100% recommend this pain medicine for anyone with moderate to severe chronic pain.
I fell asleep fast ,but woke very groggy ,all day grogginess ,with head swelling , I reported it to my dr, I was told to keep taking it, I told her no .
This medicine is great. I instantly start feeling calm from head to toe. I like the fact that I don 't have to wait 30 minutes or so for it to kick in. I would recommend this to anyone that needs to have a day life. I also like that I can take it and still function at work.
I wanted to try a new Pill other than Sronyx. Sronyx caused very bad depression, weight gain, and a general disinterest in sex. Overall, I guess you can say it was a very effective birth control for me because I never felt like having sex. My first month on Previfem I experienced slight nausea, and low mood/energy and spotting. However, my acne and oily skin cleared up immediately and I was not expecting this pill to do that. My skin is so clear now. Its a great plus. I have just finished my 2nd month on Previfem and my only real complaint now is the spotting. My mood and energy has improved, but I am still experiencing light spotting 3-4 days after my period is suppose to end. Hopefully, that will clear up as my body adjust to the hormone.
I began taking Celexa during detox for addiction to prescription medication. I honestly thought I would never smile or laugh again - but after about 4 weeks, the fog I was living in lifted and I felt better than ever!  This was the second time went through detox and after the first time, I used Celexa - and once I began feeling good. Unfortunately I stopped and relapsed. Stopping Celexa without tapering was the equivalent to hitting a wall of great sadness. I have been clean and sober for over 90 days and I believe Celexa plays a huge role in my decision making process.
I can not believe this drug.I t is truly a miracle. I could not even walk without gasping for breath and I had given up hope that my quality of life would ever be normal. I am so thankful that anoro has helped me live again.
Started taking tramadol in 2009 for back and hip pain. It worked awesome and made me somewhat hyper! Lost 10 pounds, which was good because with that kind of pain you don 't want extra weight bearing down on you! Was up to 6/50 mg a day at one point and they seemed to not work as well so I dropped to 3/day for a few years with success. Pain is worse now so I 'm back up to 4/day. This is very addictive, I 've had horrible withdrawal symptoms if I forget to take one before bedtime. Morning comes and I 'm in horrific pain and having withdrawals, not a pretty picture! Usually takes 5 or more hours to get back to normal and be a person again! Also, am nauseous every time I take it but only for about 5 minutes.
I have cancer after years of smoking. Chemotherapy did not work for me. Then when almost no hope  I got erlotinib (Tarceva). Immediately after my scans it shows that cancer is going into remission. My doctors were very encouraging and slowly I started feeling better. I would feel like I have more energy. I go on walks every day and after 1 year and six months there are no traces of cancer. This made me feel so lucky to live. I started living a very healthy life after my diagnosis. I eat and drink healthy and after 1 year of Tarceva I begin jogging and living a normal life. I am very grateful that God has given me another chance. It is 8 years now that I am now cancer free. 
Went through a tough time at work which was causing severe anxiety. Called the Dr who prescribed this drug.Initially felt drowsy and a bit spaced out (this only lasted a day so maybe take in to account when you first start using)Effects are fantastic! Slowed everything down enough to get clarity of thought, speech &amp; actions without imparing cognitive or physical function. Less reactive &amp; less snappy! Wish I 'd known about it earlier.It won 't make issues go away or solve them but it will help take a logical clear view of the situation and hopefully make better decisions.
This nasal spray has changed my life. I have suffered from hayfever for the past 5 years. I have tried everything, both prescription and non prescription drugs, herbal stuff, honey, nose filters but nothing has worked. I am extremely allergic to pollen and my symptoms last all year around but gets very bad March-August. I then suffer with a sore throat, itchy eyes, cough, sneezing 50 times/hour and constantly blowing my nose. I started using Dymista 3 days ago and ALL my symptoms are gone. I even went for a run outside yesterday and did not sneeze once afterwards. This is something I could never have done before. Just incredible, I am so happy!!
I have been taking TriNessa for YEARS!  I believe I started this pill at 17-18 and I 'm now 30. I do notice some of the symptoms mentioned (bloating and emotional) however I don 't expect the pill to fix that as it 's part of menstruation. The week before the placebo pills I get emotional and super bloated but that goes away after my cycle. I would suggest this pill as it 's the best one yet for me.
This works great.
This is a very good invention! I had my first implant back in 2012. As expected, I had heavy periods which lasted for 3 weeks to a month, and sometimes, my period overlaps monthly. But what happened to me was explained to me by the doctor before I decided to have the implant. That was no biggie actually because I 've been having heavy and longer periods even before I had the magic rod. Yes, that 's how I call it :) now, I have my 2nd rod inserted last year. I only have my period every 2 months, though still heavy and really lasts long, I am still ok. I just got anemic, but thanks to my iron supplement, I am so ok. Feel free to try. There is no harm in trying, especially if you know what you have to deal with ;)
This is the 3rd treatment for RA i have tried.  The 1st was Remicade which helped considerably but I had an allergic reaction so I couldn 't use anymore.  The 2nd was Orencia which didn 't have an impact at all.  The Actemra is working but I 'm experiencing all sorts of side effects like increase in cholesterol and blood pressure as well as blisters and boils over my body.  Kind of scary as it 's only been 2 treatments.
I find Urso has helped me a lot. I do have loose bowels with it sometimes. I also found out if I skip a dose and take two Urso 's at once, that 's when I have a bowel movement problems. I quit doing that. I do know it 's prolonging my life, for this I am thankful.
My doctor prescribed Junel for acne and I immediately noticed a difference.  I was so hesitant to go on a pill because  but I honestly couldn 't be happier, I wish I did it sooner because now I 'm paying to correct acne scaring.
Taking Flagyl and Cipro for diverticulitis, and got all the symptoms as everyone else.  Dry mouth, headaches, funny taste in mouth, diarrhea and generally feel sluggish, tired and beside myself.  Though I was the only one feeling like crap but the pain is gone and I too am on a better diet.  Seven days left and I am throwing these empty bottles in the trash!
I have been taking phenetermine since August 5, 2016. To date I have lost 39lbs. I did change my eating habits and have a very supportive family. I also had to learn how to say no to food. I weighed 264 now I weigh 225!
I suffere from asthma and would frequently come down with bronchitis.  This Zithromax is a lifesaver.  I love how it helps me get over it quickly and I am on my feet again within the week.  Best prescription ever.
I been on accutane a few weeks , I am seeing results! !! Although my Lips are so dry it hurts the dryness is the worse !!vasaline saved my life!!!!!!! I did get rashes on my hands and arms and itching on my legs! But hey my face looks better at the end a few months of suffering is totally worth it!!
Our son has been taking Qvar since he was diagnosed with coughing asthma when he was 3 and we are generally happy with it. He used to get awful mouth sores from it every  couple of months( despite rinsing with ACT, water, Nistatin, using spacer,  etc) for years. Six month ago, we switched him to rinsing with TheraSol mouth wash (by Oratec) and we had no sores ever since! Hope this can help someone else who might be dealing with something similar.
Used Bayer Advanced for back pain before bed, slept through the night, which I haven 't done for months. I take it every night before bed and can actually sleep.
Works great. Just very expensive.
I don 't usually need it to fall asleep, but I find I wake more refreshed.  I was diagnosed with mild sleep apnea and CPAP did not improve my sleep.  I have been experimenting with taking it or not, and I am fairly convinced it makes a positive difference.  But, it is only approved for short term use, so I would like to know about experience with regular use.
I have been on Femara for 5 years and have not had any reaction.  Very pleased with this medicine.
Taking Celexa has helped me tremendously.  Since being on it I no longer have constant thoughts of suicide.  I 've been on it for 4 months but started to feel relief in just 2 weeks. I had very mild side effects in the beginning like dry mouth but they only lasted for the 1st month.
If I could rate Xanax higher I would, this is without a doubt the most effective medication I 've ever taken for anxiety, and fast acting. I 've always dealt with the public speaking anxiety since high school. I 'm 29, healthy and active and have never been depressed so that 's why I 've been reluctant about SSRI 's. My GP prescribed Celxa, went up to 20mg and it was a nightmare, had panic attacks and very vivid intrusive thoughts. My GP switched to lexapro @10mg and I still get panic attacks. If I get a panic attack I take a .50mg of Xanax and it takes like 15 min to kick in and I feel great - I hate SSRI 's and wish Xanax was a daily med.
I would definitely recommend this for those who don 't want a baby just yet. I currently have two boys (3 years and 9 months) I 've had this birth control for a month now. The most painful part of this all was the numbing needle in the beginning. I was extremely nervous to try Nexplanon because I was suicidal, very depressed, obese, and have history with migraines. I read the side effects and it stated that Headaches and Depression comes along with Nexplanon, but honestly since being on this birth control. I have been way happier! And but I still get the continuous headaches. Also I haven 't had any bleeding and I lost 4 pounds so far! So I give this birth control a 10!
After years of having awful period cramps to the point of the first 3 days of it starting I always had to call out of work because I could not do a thing but lay down. Heavy, very heavy bleeding. I have only been on this pill for a month and my first period was actually wonderful. Very light bleeding and almost hard to tell cramps. I even lost 8 pounds without even trying. My face has also cleared up. I have tried all sorts of different birth control, with nothing working closely as well as this. I hope it continues to work this great.
I have osteoarthrititis, rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia and sciatica and have tried many other pain medicines with Celebrix being the last. I am taking Arthrotec 50mg 3x a day and by the second day I was very pleased with the results. My pain has lessened from a 7-8 down to a 2-4 level.  I have Vicodin as a stand by and haven 't taken any this past month, I went from taking 1 to 3 a day to none, that is a good thing!!
I wasn 't going to write a review on this but I thought I should to give a reason for women to relax! I was given Metronidazole, 500mg twice a day for 7 days for BV. After reading these reviews, I was terrified to take this antibiotic. I was suppose to take it on a Thursday but was so terrified of everyone 's experiences on it that I started it a day late. I feel foolish for reading to into other reviews. I just finished my second day and I haven 't had any of the terrifying side effects that most of these other women on here have had. The only thing I have, which isn 't a big deal compared to the symptoms most of the women stated, is slight diarrhea. Key word; SLIGHT. Don 't freak out by others experience! And it 's already working with my BV!
I have been taking Beyaz for about 6 months now. I had PMDD extremely bad for 2- 3 weeks out of the month. A month after starting Beyaz I had no symptoms at all. I had irregular periods and now they are on time every month. I am very happy with the results and I would recommend Beyaz to anyone. Especially if they experience PMDD.
I have tried just about every antidepressant over a 20 yr period. I have been taking Cymbalta for about 6 months and it is my saving grace. All symptoms of depression are gone.  I am happy, focused, and myself again.
Week three smoke free!!! Ok so I get headaches, feel sick, constipated, crazy dreams but not enough to not be able to go to work and function. I stopped smoking day 9 - haven 't smoked for three weeks and its fine - I don 't even care - this stuff really works !!!!! Just got to deal with side effects :)
At the age of 59 and after 2 bladder surgeries, I was beside myself with my leakage problems. I have been taking Vesicare for 5 weeks now and am a totally new person.  I no longer run into the house making a beeline to the bathroom.  I can control my urge until I get the the bathroom.  No massive leaks or unable to stop.  Vesicare started working after 2 days.  As far as I can tell, I have no noticeable side effects.
After trying 5 other anti-depressants I was finally given Viibryd. I feel better than I have in years. Thankfully, I haven 't had any of the problems listed in other posts. I 'm starting on month two so I 'm hoping this medicine continues to keep working so well.
My child was diagnosed 05/06.  Since that time the only major flare he has had was precipitated by the stomach flu.  He is otherwise basically controlled with Pentasa.
38 YOA Male.  Started Dec 2015 at 238lbs.  April 2016 at 196 lbs. That 's down 42 lbs.  My metabolism is super slow.  I 'm eating around 1000 calories a day in order to see movement.  I workout 4-5 xs a week, for 45 mins a day.  I log my calories with the Lose It app and weigh everyday with Scaledown.  I have not experienced any side effects other than colors being brighter.
My doctor gave me this medication to take to stabilize my mood... it worked wonders for me!
I had kyleena I inserted 9/1. I was terrified but it wasn 't bad at all. I took 800 mg of ibuprofen before. Insertion wasn 't painful at all. It wasn 't pleasant but it was painful. Lasted maybe 30 seconds. No kids, first IUD I have had. I spotted around the time I should have had my period, now nothing. No acne. A little bit of cramping here and there the first week but I think I just really liked my heating pad.
In the past all medications failed, then went for stimulation of the Tiva nerve, that did not work after 12 weeks of therapy. My average times per day was approximately 15. I have been on MYRBETRIG 25MG for 3 days, my average now is 9, WHAT A DIFFERENCE. No side effects. I am 70yr old male.
I thought I was going crazy. I developed PPD at 3 months postpartum. My symptoms manifested in Anxiety. I had zero control over the fear and panic. I stopped eating, I threw up all day. I couldn 't even hold my baby without feeling nausea.  You hear so much about postpartum depression but women need to be aware of postpartum anxiety. It 's very real. It took 4 trips to the ER for me to accept that I wasn 't dying, that I just had PPD and I needed to give my Zoloft a chance. It saved my life! Zoloft is so wonderful. It gave my children their mother back. Zoloft will take your anxiety away. It will! My side effects were very little. But then they went away. Iv only been on Zoloft for 2 months now and I 'm a better person then ever before.
I 've only taken belviq a couple of days, but already I 've lost several pounds and my desire for food, alcohol, and sugar. Today is day three and I do feel so good. I 'll add more info as time progresses.
I absolutely love Junel fe. It 's the first pill I 've tried and so far I wouldn 't change anything. My periods are light and short but regular. I haven 't gained any weight but the pill seems to be aiding in weight loss as I work out a fair amount. No nausea. I have been getting more anxious lately &amp; I do worry that may be a side effect, but I am a person with anxiety disorders in general so I 'm not too sure. I 've had an increase in my sex drive as well, and I haven 't gotten pregnant, which is the important part here.
My experience with accutane was for the most part very positive. I suffered from breakouts on my forehead that wouldn&rsquo;t go away no matter what I tried. I had taken various kinds of birth control over the years to help with my break outs but by the age of 20 it wasn&rsquo;t helping with my acne at all anymore. The first week or so of taking accutane I got what looked to be a rash on my whole face that was hot to the touch and sore. I felt like I had alligator skin! The rash went away though within a week or two and then the dry skin started but it was nothing I couldn&rsquo;t keep on top of. I used a vitamin e cream to keep it hydrated. I only did one round of medication and it seemed to do the trick. The dry skin is so worth it!!! My skin is beautiful!
I have been steadily gaining weight for years now. I 'm not a big eater but at my age and with a condition that makes weight loss even more challenging, I was so frustrated. I 'm only marginally chubby, size 12+ but Apple shaped. Started feeling winded. Not good. It 's been a few months and I 've lost well over 20 lbs. it started working immediately. My husband begs me to eat, by mid afternoon I do get a headache so now I 'm eating an English muffin. Any thing rich I cannot eat, maybe a few bites at dinner only. I miss savoring  certain foods but my tummy doesn 't. The nausea you experience isn 't traditional nausea, it 's your brain telling you it wasn 't the  right food to eat. Strangely, I tolerate pasta and carbs best, but small portions.
I was reluctant to take any antidepressant, thinking I could cope and would  'snap out of it '. Feeling like my life was spiralling out of control, panic attacks daily and increased depression, I gave Citalopram a go. Initially I had headaches, and still have a dry mouth at times. No other side effects. Within a week an overwhelming sense of calmness took over. I find it difficult to get angry, and life is so much better. Panic attacks are non existent and I now have my life back and feel great. The change is amazing. I wish I had taken Citalopram months ago.
I was on 100 MG of zoloft for 5 years, and went through a stressful point in my life. I became depressed, crying every hour and wouldn 't leave my house. I went to the doctor and he said the zoloft wasn 't working anymore and wanted to switch me to lexapro (escitalopram). The withdrawal from stopping zoloft was brutal, but my lexapro started working within a week. I am now on week two and feel amazing. I am going places, and not as tense as normal. The only downside is I 'm very irritable but hoping that goes away soon
I had the Implanon put in in 2010, my 3 years is up and I 'm getting it removed tomorrow, THANK GOD! The only reason I kept it in so long is because I didn 't have insurance. I bled 3 weeks out of the month. I am not looking forward to the removal tomorrow either. I think I am going to try a mini pill!
I have always had anxiety ever since Iwas young but this past summer I was so bad I couldn 't go anywhere or do anything. I was even at the point I didn 't want to leave the house I was so depressed. I didn 't know what I was going to do and I was ruining my daughters and husbands life so I went to the doctor and she put me on paxil 30 mg.  I didn 't want to take it cause I  never take pills not even for a headache and was scared how it was going to make me feel. But I took it and it changed my life after about a month I could go places and enjoyed life again with God and my family 's help I am doing so much better I still have some days I don 't feel good but i don 't let it get me down so if anyone is struggling with anxiety there is help out there
I have high regard for Imitrex.  And the generic first provided by Dr. Reddy was equal to the original Imitrex.  However, I have recently been required to use a different generic and it is basically worthless.  I was taking 50 milligrams and having the migraine gone within an hour.  Now a 100 milligram tablet has little effect and I usually have to take a second 100 milligram tablet to get any relieve.  I would sure like to know how the generic industry works because for me it does not seem to be quite up to speed, at least with the drug that I need most.
This product truly is amazing! I am 21 years old and since I was in the 6th grade I have had a problem with my sweating. I always avoided really cute tops and dresses that I knew I would sweat in and ruin. Basically all my tops are black and it was still visible that I was sweating. I never wore tight shirt, always real loose fitting and I was just miserable. Finally I got over my embarrassment and ask my gynecologist what I can do about this sweating problem and she prescribed Hypercare. It stung so badly and I had so much irritation that I wanted to cry but I am so glad I kept using it because that burning was so worth it! I can wear ANYTHING I want, no matter the fit or color. It is amazing and I feel so beautiful and happy! I recommend this product!
Got my urinary tract infection at 10pm and within an hour I knew I was in trouble with the usual stinging and need to go to the bathroom but it happened so fast and before I knew it I was bleeding quite heavily.  Immediately went to Emergency and was prescribed Cipro, within an hour I was getting relief.  I 'm dizzy and have ringing in my ears but very relieved the pain is subsiding, hopefully the bleeding will stop soon.
My experience with Miralax was above and beyond amazing. ...unlike any other. ...after suffering from constipation all my life and after trying every single method and being hospitalized. ..and dealing with several other issues due to my constipation such as anemia, under weight. I was put on Miralax. At first I didn 't want to take it because it was slow but my doctor explained to me that it 's supposed to help me go to the restroom on my own and that 's exactly what I 've been doing for 5 years now ...(I went from having a bowel movement every three weeks to every other day and now daily on my own. I still take Miralax but only randomly)
I was put on this Medication after a suicide attempt two years ago. I dont think I could cope without it even though my life is back on track.
I would have panic attacks and would cut myself to avoid feeling nervous and anxious about things I couldn 't control. I pretty much had a great experience while I was on Zoloft. I was taking 100mgs a day. Very few panic attacks and if I would have feelings of panic, it was much less intense. After about a year, I decided I no longer wanted to be taking anti depressants. I weaned myself off of it. First week I took 75mg, then 50, then 25. This is the end of my first full week off Zoloft and for the most part I feel fine. I think the medicine helps. I noticed my smoking habit has started to come back as my desire for a cigarette while on Zoloft was minimal.
Lortab has been a God send for me. I have had 6 major abdominal surgeries in 7 months. Last one in July of 08, and I still have a lot of pain. I take 1 x 5/500 every morning and 1 in late afternoon. It takes the edge off, it also winds me up, so I then can do some house cleaning.
Good medicine, it gets rid of your pain without that drowsy sick feeling. 
Change my life dramatically within a week. I 'm mixed-rapid-cycling. I rapid I mean within the same day. Worse, I feel like behing depress and maniac at the same time. Lamotrigine solve most of that. No real side-effet but vision, dry mouth. I feel that I taught is more clear and vivid than ever. Good feeling. I also have interesting dreams. I 'm taking presently  250 mg/night.However now it 's time to ajust again. Symptoms are coming back.Last word, add 300mg lithium, zopiclone 10mg and zyprexa 2.5
 I have been using Concerta for many years. It has helped so much, but the only downside to it is it makes me lose weight. I went off of my meds for about three months and gained 50 pounds. This was because I had the habit of eating whatever I want whenever I want and not gain any weight. I was an A  student and as soon as I went off my meds I was getting Fs in all of my classes. I then went back on my meds and within three weeks of me being back on concerta, I lost all of the weight I had gained(because I had to make the habit of not eating so much within those three months), I raised some of my grades to As and some to Ds. I still passed 7th grade because of my circumstance.I have ADD, ADHD, and Cerebral Paulsey.
This medicine was actually given to me by a close friend, who also has repeated headaches that turn into migraines.  It was amazing.  I took 2 when I had a horrible, pounding headache.  Within an hour the headache was reduced to mild and lifted all together after about 3 hours.  I couldn 't believe it.  I called my doctor the very next day and asked her to prescribe it for me.
I am 25 with no kids. I have had success with bc pills but for my work traveling I forgot to take the pills at the same exact time. I tried nuvaring but it made my leg and arm go numb the 3 times I tried it. So I decided to try skyla. I 've read so many horror stories but it was fine! I got it inserted today. It hurt twice, once when they measured and once when they put it in. Honestly the pain for me was about 4 out of 10 for like 2 seconds each. The whole procedure felt like it took two minutes or less. There was very light cramping for 30 min and now I am spotting but no other effects so far! Nothing hurts and I don 't feel anything down there. So far so good and I am happy wit my choice!
I have had no problems with this drug, and have experienced a lot less bruising since on this drug, as opposed to taking warfarin.
Extremely important medicine for me with Lymphoma low grade stage 1 under my right eyelid. Very rare location for lymphoma. The first time I did 4 sessions with Rituxan in Jun/2010 and now March/2011 the second time. The pictures show my eyes before and after and big different this medicine made. Thanks doctors and nurses for brilliant work. Itchy was my first side effect and second time no side effects at all. Highly recommended.
Was withdrawing from fentanyl heroin and a little bit from suboxone. It takes away most symptoms but xanax and klonopin work better. Ativan works great for anxiety tho. And lasts 6/7 hours for me.
I had unprotected sex a day after I finished my period. I am not on birth control so we used a condom. It ended up breaking and he finished inside of me. I ended up taking plan b as soon as I could &amp; a week later I started spotting then it turned into a light period for 3 days. After terrible head aches, back pain, breast hurting and a lot of worrying I got my period a week late. It does work so don 't freak out! Once you spot from the pill your period should come a month after that time. So just relax, you 'll get it!
Absolutely amazing drug. Has quite literally saved my life. Pity I need to lie to the Australian government about having bipolar to get it prescribed. No doubt this is stopping many thousands of Australians from getting access to it. Seriously. I went from suicidal for severalmonths to absolutely normal in one dose. One dose. Talk to your doctor about this if anti depressants are not working for you. Understand it may require you to lie about having bipolar.
Wish I had a bathtub full of this medicine. 
Since I was 14 I have battled with severe depression. I never believed that I actually was depressed until one point I felt driven to the edge of taking my life. I decided that this was the only option I had not tried. After only a week I began to respond with the only side effect being an awful headache following the first dose. I have my life back again and man does it feel good.
I am 52 and have been taking statins for 25 years. From mevecor, zocor, to Lipitor, zetia and now Crestor. I am lucky to have had no side effects but will say the Crestor has worked best at 40mg daily it helps keep it down around 230. Had a 95% blockage at age 28 and 1 stent last year. I believe statins have protected my heart over the years! My brother can not take them and had a quadruple bypass at 49.  Also everyone should have a calcium scan, simple and life saving.
Since I started taking this medication, I have not seen a period. That is a plus for me, because I hate to bleed. It works great &amp; I don 't have any side effects.
I have been dealing with anxiety/ panic attacks and migraines for 10mths and have tried about everything out there (Prozac/ Buspirone/ Setraline/ Ativan) and NOTHING seemed to work but Ativan. Everything else gave me really bad reactions from burning skin to heart burn, palpitations, shortness of breath, insomnia just to name a few and even worsened my anxiety and led to more panic attacks. The only problem with Ativan was that because it is a Benzo and it is highly addictive so my doctor did not want to prescribe that anymore. My migraines got so severe that I was seen by a Neurologist last week and he prescribed AMITRIPTYLINE so far it 's working wonders . I am able sleep through the whole night and my panic attacks are gone!!!!!
First 10 days of taking Belviq, no difference except generalized muscle aches. Then the  'switch ' came on. Weight started falling off. Did not change lifestyle @ all.  I didn 't excercise &amp; didn 't start. Lost 20 lbs in approx. 3 months. Kept wt. off 1 yr.  After 1 yr., Belviq seems to have stopped working. Have put 10 lbs back on.  Has it stopped working after months. for anyone else. Loved it &amp; want it to work again for me.
After years of suffering with RLS, and two especially bad nights, I finally went to the doctor and he prescribed Requip. Last night was my first night taking it and it did work. It made me extremely nauseated and gave me a massive headache, and I woke up every couple of hours. The third time I woke up, I took a diphenhydramine sleeping pill. That is important to know because generally a sleeping pill would send the RLS through the roof, affecting even my arms. No RLS symptoms after I took the sleeping pill. My head still hurts and I 'm still a little nauseated, but my legs are not bothering me. Since it did cause a massive headache, I will try using it only when the RLS is active, and see if that works better for me.
At the start of a new relationship after the death of my wife , at the age of 52 thought my problem was combined age and mental state problem .Erections would be short lived in fact ejeculation was often in a semi flacid state .Doctor prescribed a 10mg dose and it was like being 17 again  , not only was I rock hard stamina and recovery time was amazing ( still in the relationship and the tablets are one of the reasons )
I have suffered from mild to moderate acne for almost the past 10 years and for the past few years it has been quite moderate and under control- not perfect but not terrible by any means. However, I went on Yasmin BC and within 4 days I was experiencing the worst breakout of my life. My right cheek, whole chin and jaw line was just awful. I got prescribed differin ASAP and for the past week I have been combining with coconut oil when I apply at night to  'water it down ' so to speak. My blemishes are fading SO quick! Ive had a few new ones, an IB I imagine, but they are going as quick as they come. I am really happy and can 't recommend enough. This is differin cream and not gel. I have tried duac in the past and it wasnt even close!!!
I was on Lo Loestrin Fe for 1 1/2 years. Overall good experience. Not pregnant and never have been while on this medication. I took it every morning around the same time, weekends within 4 hours of my usual time. I did not consistently have a period each month which is normal for this medication. Sometimes I had the usual cramps and mood swings around the time I was suppose to have my period but no bleeding. Had breast tenderness. I did not gain weight. No issues with acne but I have a very strong regime for that due to the type of skin I have.  I would recommend to women starting birth control for the first time. I needed a higher dosage of estrogen due to breakthrough bleeding twice so now I am on Junel 1.5/30,  no complaints so far.
I was terrified of starting Contrave due to the bad  reviews &amp; didn 't start for 2 weeks. I am a nurse and also a self-proclaimed hypochondriac. Lol. I 've actually lost 3 lbs to date. Side effects for me are nausea/headaches and some jitters here and there, but nothing crazy. I have pretty healthy diet but I 'm a major emotional eater/snacker and w/Contrave I haven 't snacked this whole week. I had a chocolate cream pie in front of my face, had one bite, and walked away. My kids were shocked. Lol. Excited to see how Contrave can help with my weight loss.
It really calms me down when I get acute panic attacks. Dr. allows me to take up to one 2 mg tab as needed during day. I do find myself taking up to 2 tabs a day and 1 at night to help with sleep. Nothing else seems to work.
Best low dose nonsteriodal drug. Not better than Bextra but less dangerous to the stomach.
I had sex on the last day of my period, then I took plan b 11 hours after I had sex. A week after taking the pill I experienced brown discharge which was heavy like a regular period the first 2 days then turned into spotting for the next 3 days. My regular period usually lasts 5 days so I figured the pill just made me have a fake period to trick my body into getting rid of the egg before it got fertilized. I have a period app on my iPhone that tells me when my period is going to come and tells me how many days I have between cycles for me, it 's 28 days. So I counted 28 days from my last day of brown discharge and the date my period should have come was the 29th of October and it did!! I hope this helps someone out there!
I 've been taking microgestin 1.5/30 for almost 6 months and so far it is great. My main concern when starting birth control was weight gain and acne, but I was able to maintain my weight and my skin has significantly cleared up. My period arrives at the same time every time it is due which is great. Slight headaches and moodiness right before my period, although the I experience moodiness throughout the cycle. This took me a while to get used to but now I am able to control it. I do not use a condom when having sex so this is my only birth control method and so far it has worked to keep me from getting pregnant. I did take antibiotics while on this pill and it seemed to still work fine.
Several years ago I was given tramadol for light pain. I have suffered from bipolar depression for about 40 years and have taken every drug made for depression. I get a little relief using fetzima but the cost is prohibitive. After taking the tramadol I realized that my depression and panic attacks just disappeared. In Mississippi it 's almost impossible to get tramadol subscribed so I kept my supply by ordering out of the country which is also very expensive. When you are suicidal much of the time you will seek help wherever you can find it. I finally got a nurse practitioner to prescribe me two 50 mg tablets a day. I have a high tolerance to all drugs and four 50 mg gives me total relief from my mental illness. Side effects decreased sex drv.
I am so happy that I finally received a diagnosis and treatment! Ever since I was about 19 years old (29 now) I have dealt with depression that came in waves. My anxiety and obsessive tendencies didn 't begin until I was 22 and had the military. I always thought that the high stress situation just fed into my depression and caused anxiety and obsession. I finally decided to seek help and I was shocked to find out that I suffer from obsessive compulsive disorder which causes depression and anxiety. I started on Prozac and within the first 6 weeks I felt a rush of relief. I no longer obsessed over the smallest things. I feel so much happier and my friends and family notice the difference big time!
I just finished the second phase of two weeks on Zyclara.  It is doing its job for sure.  Alot of open sores at the surface.  Doctor put me on antibiotics as I have some infection going on.  Also, using a antibiotic topical cream to help.  It is painful but worth the time going through this as I have heard good results.  I have had the Mohls surgery and also Efudex.  Hope this clears it up for good.
 It worked! Despite the condom coming off while he was ejaculating during my ovulation window I am not pregnant. Plan b does work but it made my period 3 days late, so if you are late try not to worry.
Been on 10mg Empagliflozin for just over a month and  I 've lost 21 lbs in that time.  I 've been on 800 calorie/day low carb diet too and have found it quite easy to do.  As a result I 've come off insulin and I 'm sure that 's made it easier to lose weight.  Something I haven 't seen anyone mention is fluid retention.  I suffered really badly from fluid retention in hot weather.  When the temperature goes up, I can put on 14 lbs in 48 hours and can then barely walk my legs and feet are so swollen.  Never found anything that really helped.  Just had to wait for weather to cool down again and swelling reduced.  Since I 've been on Empagliflozin, my body is properly drained all the time.  Fabulous!  Love this drug. HbA1c good too.
I have had insomnia since I was 12, I started taking this when I was 14 and have been sleeping wellish since. My body adjusts to it very easily though, so my doctor had to keep going up on my dose, now I just take my 100 to 150 MG of trazodone at night and a melatonin if i need it. Works pretty well. I don 't have any nightmares but my dreams are strange.
I have been taking trazodone for 2 years now. My doctor prescribed it to me to help with depression and insomnia. I now take 200 mg a night alone with another prescription sleep pill and I am FINALLY able to sleep a whole night through. I have run out of trazodone and had to wait a few days until I got the money to get them and I can really tell a difference when I don 't have them. It helps me get a good nights sleep AND helps with the depression. I would recommend this to anyone who needs it.
Started on Victoza two weeks ago.  I 've lost six pounds and have not experienced any of the negative side-effects - just the decreased appetite.  I was taking Metformin 1000mg twice a day and glypizide (Glucotrol) 10 mg twice a day, and my morning sugars were crazy high, like in the 200 's and the doc was talking about insulin.  Then I saw the endocrinologist, who put me on Victoza and on day 2 my morning bg was 89!  Am now off the glypizide and tapering off the Metformin, continuing to lose weight and feeling good!  I hope the long-term side-effects don 't turn out to be bad...
As several people have already said, the majority of reviews I read for Yaz scared me almost to the point of reconsidering my choice of pill.  However, I decided to just give it a shot, and I have found VERY FEW problems.  My skin cleared up, besides a few pimples around my period, I gained maybe 5 pounds (my breasts got larger, but who 's complaining), and as someone who suffers from generalized anxiety disorder, I have found no issues.  There are only two negatives that I have found: if you forget to take a pill, you start spotting. My friends who take yaz have similar experiences.  The other negative is that I tend to get a little moody around my period. Overall, I would definitely recommend this pill for acne and birth control.
I have used Ortho Evra for 4+ years while being in a relationship. I have had regular periods each month, all beginning on the same day each month while on the patch. My periods only lasted 3-4 days. I love the patch and have never had a pregnancy scare while on it. The only downside if any was when putting the patch back on after having it off for a week. That sometimes caused a sense of nausea, but I would highly recommend it.
I started prestiq on Tuesday July 5th 2016 again. And I have lost 9lbs already. I feel less depressed however I 've been on it before and I will warn you do not skip taking it. The withdrawals are HELL!!
I had back surgery in 02 and I have severe leg and foot pain ever since. Since that time I have been on Ultram and am pain free. I know they just classified it as a narcotic, where I live, a year ago. It 's a shame because I 've been on it for 6 years and have never felt better. It is addictive because when I go for longer than 24 hours without it, I have withdrawals but I 've been on it for 6 years so it is to be expected. I highly recommend this drug.
I 'm elated that I finally get to add my positive review to this ever-growing list! I should start out, however, by saying that I was already on birth control when I took Plan B. I had taken every pill on time, and, although I probably didn 't need it, after the condom we were using broke, I headed to the store to get Plan B- better safe than sorry, right?I experienced almost no side effects immediately after taking the pill. There was a bit of bloating the first day, but that was about it. A week after I took it (four days before the usual start date of my period), I started cramping in the mornings. My period came on-schedule- right down to the hour! Cramps the first day were WAY worse than usual, but everything else has been great!
I have been on Ativan or lorazepam for 7 years now. It has saved my life. My now grown children say it is my nice pill. And yes I wasn 't a very nice mom when they were growing up. So it is a fare statement. I need it also as an on the spot antianxiety, for depression and nervous breakdowns.
I put this patch on on Friday. At first I felt dizzy and nauseous so I had to take a zofran and the feeling went away. It seemed like the pain relief was almost immediate, it was a 7.25 mcg/hr patch. Keep in mind that I 've been taking other pain meds since 2004 for fibromyalgia and I had stopped them the day before in anticipation of this patch. I woke up in quite a bit of pain on Saturday and took a norco and with that and moving around I felt fine. I had to take a zofran Saturday, Sunday, and today for nauseousness but other than that I feel fine and the pain is gone. It has only been 3 days, but if it keeps working like this, I 'm sticking with the patch. Very happy so far.
Life saver for my anxiety
I have been on the shot for 6 months now (and am due for my 3rd shot in 2 weeks) and I have yet to get my period! I have had no spotting throughout the 6 months. I do, however, still have the symptoms that I would have if I were to get my period at the time that I would get my period, but they 're not as bad as without the shot. Cramps are minimal. The only downside is I am a huge hypochondriac and since some of the side effects are also early pregnancy symptoms, I am constantly thinking I 'm pregnant (even though the chances are 3 in 1000). I would highly recommend this method!
I love this medicine! It has quite literally saved my life, and has made my life much more livable. Whenever I would do anything physical, my heart would beat so fast that I would frequently faint. I went to my cardiologist, and she gave me a holter monitor. She saw what I was talking about and gave me 50mg of Toprol-XL everyday. That was over 3 years ago, still on the same dosage, and it is wonderful. For the first few months, I was a little over tired, but that side effect quickly went away.
Works great. No side effects. No morning effects. Good sleep for 7hrs.
Currently on week 2 and it made me feel like myself again. Anxiety/panic attacks have ruined my life the last 2 years. My first panic attack was purely physical (POUNDING heart I thought I was dying) roommate took me to the ER. The next week I was prescribed metoprolol and saw a cardiologist who suggested it was anxiety as I didn 't believe it was. Eventually the anxiety took my life over and manifested mentally as well (running out of grocery lines, skipping work, etc) I 'm a little distracted here but all in all buspirone is a life saver. I forgot what it felt like to be ME again. I now mentally feel amazing, the depression that dug into my life from the anxiety made me a shell of myself. I can honestly say buspirone saved me from myself.
This medicine has helped my son be able to control his impulse decisions and helped him be able to go to school and do homework.
I don 't know why so many people are having these problems, I used this product last night and did not have a single side effect. Everyone 's body reacts differently, I guess I 'm just one of the lucky ones. I was back to normal the next day! I would suggest using the test by Monistat that determines if you have a yeast infection or a bacterial infection. No reason to medicate yourself incorrectly since they do offer the test. I will also say that I did not use the wipes or the cream, just the ovule.  Would definitely use again.
Had trouble with  sex, dryness, reduced libido, etc., this cream really helped!
Had my left eye destroyed by a broomstick in a fight.  Doctor gave me percocet!  What a joke, I was still in agony.  And Opana 10 ER did the trick.  
Works great for me, very effective.
Linzess has been a life saver. I started out on 145mg and now up to 290mg. Greatly reduces boating and discomfort normally felt after eating and keeps my bowls moving :)
This has been a wonderful addition to the pain medicines, with enabling a reduction in pain medicines from using this to stop the spasms that irritated the nerves. With my nerves less irritated, I was more fun to be around!
Xanax helped me major status! When I was 22 years old tried spice its a messed up chemical synthetic THC bull.. anyways I smoked three bowls and then boom I couldn 't breath my hands and muscles tightened up and I couldn 't move. And my chest felt like I had 500 pounds on it! I thought I was dying and my whole body was tingly! Went to the hospital and they diagnose with GAD and panic disorder. For three months I did not leave my house and I thought I was dying 50% of the time. So my doctor put me on Ativan for a month I stopped taking it in 5 days. I felt like I was going insane. So I was given. Xanax for a month. The first time taking it BOOM it all stopped I was a normal person it helped me get over all my panic attacks! 0.5Mg as needed!
Celexa is a literally a magic pill, for me. 20 minutes, tops &amp; I feel like myself again. I 've been taking it for about 4 years for 1 or 2 months a couple of times a year. The holidays are always bad. I get so sick of crying all the time. Sobbing, actually. I 've tried a few other antidepressants but nothing works like Celexa. For me. May not be for everyone. Other people may need to take Celexa for a longer or more regular period of time &amp; it can take up to 2-3 weeks for the medication to completely work, for a lot of people. Ask your doctor &amp; give it a try.
Has been effective, and with no remarkable side effects. 
I got Nexplanon 8 weeks postpartum. Since I 'm breastfeeding, I had no period before getting it. I got it inserted on a Friday and started bleeding the following week on Thursday. The bleeding lasted for a week straight. I 'm going to assume it 's my period. The only side effects I had was the bleeding and slight increase in appetite (no weight gain though) oh and the nasty bruise by the insertion site. I was nervous about getting a hormonal birth control birth control. I was on the pill a couple years ago and was not myself on it. I 'm really happy with Nexplanon so far.
I began talking Adipex since March 10, 2009.  I am down 14 pounds.  I found that after a couple of weeks I was getting a tolerance to the medication. I stopped taking it for two days and the weight started to fall off again.  I exercise at least 3 times a week by walking and running on my treadmill and using stretch bands.  I feel great. I still have twenty pounds to go, but I am eating MUCH healthier and do not crave junk food anymore.  Make sure you change your eating habits so you don 't gain the weight back when you get off the medicine.  This is just the jump start that I needed to get back in shape after having two kids.
I 've had menstrual migraines since my late teens. I also have an aspirin allergy, so my pain relief was going to urgent care &amp; getting phenergan shots with codeine. The pain didn 't stop, it just allowed me to sleep. Then a fellow migraine sufferer told me about zomig. It 's a miracle. I take 5 mg as soon as I feel the &quot;migraine feeling&quot; and lay down in a dark room. 2 hours later I take another. I 'm good for 24 hours, I can function. Go to work. Run my house, etc. I then take one more, since my migraines are anywhere from 3-4 days. This is the first medicine that actually wipes my migraine out &amp; not just dulls it. My side affects are: dry mouth, fatigue, foggy head, tingling feet &amp; legs. But hey....I 'd take those any day over a migraine!
I have had sacral joint and nerve pain since 2000. I started taking Lortab and when those didn 't work, oxy 's.  I finally managed to get off those by taking 5-10 Lortabs a day. I was a slave to the bottle, every hour or two. It was awful.  Now I take 1-2 methadones in the morning and I am fine till the next day, about 80% of the time.  Occasionally I have to take a 5mg one 1 hr before bed, but all in all it has been a relief.
I 've been getting Orthovisc injections for 12 years, I 'm 52, just had first of 3 again this am.  Makes big difference for me, and has.  Tried another brand, 3 shots in one, yikes and didn 't last.  Yes the 3rd shot more painful, and yes feels a bit wobbly at first after each injection but gone within a day.  Still snowboarding, hiking, paddle boarding, wakesurfing more than wakeboarding (that is impact).  Thank you for orthovisc.  PS side note, have a reputable orthopedic with great PA 's who mostly do the injections.  It can go crazy painful bad with that long needle.
I have been on this medicine for about three years with good effect. My problem has cleared up. However, for the last week I have woken at about 1.30 am with severe heartburn so obviously the medication no longer is working. 
This medicine has been very helpful to me. I have always been very reluctant to try medications. This medication has stopped the crying everyday, the constant anger, and helped significantly with anxiety. I have been on Celexa for almost 3 months and I feel a little better everyday, it just takes time. I 've had night sweats, light headaches and not slept as well as I used to since starting this medication. However, for me, the benefits are outweighing the side effects at the moment and I will continue to use Celexa until that is no longer the case.
I just started my 2nd pack of Lo Loestrin Fe this past Sunday. I have to admit when I first starting this pill I was a little skeptic because it is such a low dose pill. I absolutely LOVE this pill so far. I do not have a ton of side effects like with other pills. Last summer I briefly was on Ortho Tri-cyclen and it made me gain 10 pounds in one week! On this pill I do not have any weight gain and no crazy mood swings and my period was super light this month. I did have some spotting throughout the first pack though. I work at a gynecology office so I am well aware that the first 3 months of any new birth control can have potentially weird side effects such as abnormal bleeding, mood swings, etc. Thumbs up from me. Will update soon. 
After years of trying everything from self  medication to prescription drugs, Celexa has proven to be the best (for me). My marriage has been saved and countless friendships as well. I have no side effects on this medication and I love that. I have tried countless others and they either had terrible side effects or just did not work at all. I 'm not a bit sorry I tried it, and will stay on it, as I am tired of not feeling like a whole person without it.
As a prediabetic, I am anxious to not hit a &quot;tipping point&quot; into full diabetes. I asked my GP for Vitroza, but could only get insurance to cover Byetta. Three weeks later and 25 pounds less, I am thrilled. I still lap swim 3 times a week and lift weights with no hunger or sweet cravings. Also I inject in my thigh with no side effects. WHEW! Thanks Byetta!!
I suffer from GAD, what is depression, anxiety and insomnia.  The episode started in March 2015. I felt tiredness every day. I increased my physical activity to make my body triger to relax. It did not work. Within three months my diptession got worse. I felt anxiety, discomfort in my body, tiredness, lost interest to my favorit activities, in other words I survived.Then at the end of May I started taking Quaetepine 1 tab before night. It made me sleep 4-5 hrs at night. Then I splited 50mg of Pristiq into 4 parts (12.5 mg) and took them for 4 days. Next 4 days I was taking 25mg. Then 50 mg next 12 days. Now I am on 100 mg. After 45 days I felt good relief. It worked! But I felt aweful all time before. I experiensed lots of side effects.
Helped a lot.
I 've been on this medication for 5 months now and I love it! I had a little bleeding between my periods the first month or two, but now nothing. And my periods are so much lighter! The only problem I have is that it 's about $40 even with my insurance, but otherwise I love it!
I have used this medication for many years, it keeps the weight off of me and helps me to concentrate much better. I believe I actually had ADD and I was very unorganized it has helped me in numerous ways without any negative reactions and I do not have to increase the dosage its always been the same. I am very happy with this medication.
I take this medicine primarily for obsessive compulsive disorder, but I also have depression and general anxiety disorder that it helps with. I took it several years ago but it pooped out on me, and my psychiatrist decided to try it again about two years ago. I worked up to 80 mgs because she said that I needed a really high dosage. I take it when I wake up in the morning and find it activating. It 's so weird because I find things that I realize I do now that I would 've never done before being on this medicine. It 's such a good feeling each time I realize that and am reminded of how far I 've come. I love this medication and really, really hope I can stay on it this time and not have it poop out on me.
After being switched from Vyvanse Capsules to Dextroamphetamine tablets, I can respire better.
I started taking strattera at 25mg. The first week was crazy I felt like I could do anything. I had so much time on my hands and accomplished so much. I no longer had to fight with myself to wake up. I had so much energy and &quot;the foggy&quot; feeling was gone. I could focus and what I had to do do it and then move on to the next. It was wonderful. The only side effect I had was insomnia but that went a way after the first week and it was easily resolved with some meditation. After that I started to settle in because I was getting used to it the feelings were dying down. I missed the sense of euphoria the first week had brought but I was still plenty productive and over all my social relationships ad improved. After 3 months I am starting 40mg.
Have had lower back pain from an injury 5 years ago picking up an incredibly heavy cabinet full of books. Yeah I know super intelligent! Have tried Xanax, ib protein 800 and Advil and nothing takes the pain away like flexeril 10mg consistantly right before bed! Wonder drug for me! Best part of all its non addicting. Doctor said its a torn muscle on the left side of my spine, also shot me up with a cortisone shot that hurt like hell for days! I have been on it for a week and it 's night and day for me, hope it keeps doing what it 's doing. Good luck to everyone!
This is the first medicine that actually ALWAYS gets rid of my migraine with minimal side effects. It 's like a miracle as far as I 'm concerned.
Have been on Welchol Oral Suspension or Tabs for a little less than a year, my LDL-C went down about 38%.  Oral Suspension is a nice option, just mix in water bottle with 3/4 filled with water, shake it and have with my dinner.
I 've been taking trinessa for about 8 months now, and I am satisfied. No pimples, my period is lighter, I also use to get the worst cramps and nausea and now no cramps, or anything. I haven 't experienced weight gain, my boobs do feel a little bigger though. But so far no complains
I was given Butrans 10 after gallbladder surgery, and ended up with adhesions, I started the patches 1 every 7 days and was shocked the next morning after applying it the day before, I had been getting up in the night to take Norco 10 and also 3 to 4 Norcos during the day, the first 3 months the 10 mg worked great with 2 Norco during the day, some days only 1 Norco. Then when I started the fourth month I realized I was having to get up in the night and take a Norco, I would wake up my knees and legs killing me, I have put up with this for 6 weeks, when I return to the dr tomorrow I will ask if he needs to up my mg to a 15 or 20, the Butran 10 had worked great at first I guess my body just got used to it and I need to ramp it up.
4 day migraines reduced to an overnight sleep on Fiorinal w/ CodeineHUGE DIFFERENCE
I am a 23 year old male 175lbs, on Adderall 20mg XR. Great tool. Motivation and self-esteem awesome boost. Focused and better moods. Persistent anxiety lessened. Some grogginess but manageable so long as you eat appropriately. Minor loss of appetite.  Been on Strattera and Lexapro in past, no comparability to Adderall XR!  Absolutely recommend to others and parents.
I started having major panic attacks and general anxiety cuased by the bereavement of my daughter who dies unexpectedly a few months ago. I would wake up int he morning with butterflies in my stomach and feeling like a deer in the headlights. As the day progressed it only got worse. After weeks of this it was just unbearable. I went to see a psychiatrist who prescribed valium- the lowest dose. I take half a pill in the morning and evening and have been on this regimen for two weeks. I cannot begin to tell you what a tremendous relief this drug has provided. I am very sensitive to all kinds of meds and the strongest thing I ever take is Ibuprofen. I had no bad reactions nor any side effects. Awesome.
Keeps you focused. However when it wears off I can 't sleep till 6 hours later.
I 've been on Victoza for 2 &amp; a half years. I was a little nauseated at first but my a1c has been around 6 since i started taking it. I 've also lost 70 lbs! I feel better than I ever have!
After morphine this would probably be the best pain reliever I know of. I have never had any dizziness, blurred vision or sleepiness but that 's probably just me. Fantastic for wisdom teeth also.
It 's true. The first two weeks really are horrible. So make sure you don 't start this if you have big plans coming up. I broke out in huge spots, my face was red and tender and my skin was flaking off in big pieces. You can not wear make up at this point. If you get cracked corners of your mouth like I did, hydrocortisone 1% really is your saviour. Cleared it up in two days. I moisturised throughout the day with cetaphil and cleansed every morning and night with cetaphil cleanser. Two weeks later, my skin is almost clear. My dryness is almost gone and the scars are fading. Stick with it. It really works. It just gets worse before it gets better
Works great, but watch for weight gain.
The condom broke the day before I was supposed to start my period and I took Plan B One-Step an hour after the  'accident '.  I was very tired and sick to my stomach but after a good nights rest (10hours, which is unusually long for me) I felt much better, the cramps felt like I was being ripped in two and were so bad they caused diarrhea.  Then 5 days after taking the pill I started my period, I have never been so glad to bleed so much.  I bled for 5days and it was pretty heavy.  It worked great.
I am 19 years old and started using this patch.  I had surgery to stretch my bladder a year ago (apparently my bladder quit growing at a young age).  Before, I had to go to the bathroom every hour and a half and the surgery was only a temporary fix from this.  This patch worked wonders!  Not only do I go less, but I can also hold it in for a lot longer!
I was first prescribed Synthroid...Whilst my TSH levels came down to 1,9 I still had side effects, like I was permanently cold...and fatigued, as well as gained 30 pounds...I changed to Armour, and my feelings of intense cold subsided, my fatigue eased ff...and my weight is slowly coming down...My TSH level is down to 0.42! 
Lots of hot flashes fatigue and weight gain but the benefit out way the negative of this drug
Have gone from Adderall to Vyvanse to Dextroamphetamine IR and after 6 months on this, I can say it is by far the best. Same cost as the generic for the same quantity with my insurance and I like the higher dosages since I take 40mg/day. It has the consistency of Vyvanse with the duration of IR tablets.
Since I only ever see negative reviews of nexplanon, I thought I 'd share my experience with it. I 'm 18 years old, and got Nexplanon inserted in April this year. At first my periods were a little unpredictable, with prolonged bleeding and irregular spotting, but everything evened out eventually. My periods actually stopped completely about two months ago, which I enjoy. I haven 't experienced any side effects; I actually lost weight (although I 'm not sure if it was actually caused by Nexplanon). It has worked out wonderfully for me!
I love this!! I have no periods!! I have mild migraines but that is just a small price to pay. I love nexplanon. I had it put in last January and it took 3 months to work, but since then I have had no real issue.
I 've read a lot of comments about the Implanon and have noticed a few negative reviews. This is unfortunate as I am now on my second Implanon and have never been happier. I 'm not saying the Implanon is for everyone, but how will you know until you try it for yourself? Don 't be scared by the negative reviews. If the Implanon isn 't for you, its easy to have it removed and symptoms are taken with it. When I first got the Implanon I had irregular periods for a couple of months but eventually they formed a pattern and I got them every 6 weeks. Since I have had my second Implanon I haven 't had a period at all. The chances of falling pregnant on the Implanon are very slim but I rely on the occasional pregnancy test just to make sure. 
I am 5 ' 8&quot;, 53.  Start weight 233.  Start date 6/27/16, as of today 8/19/16 I am down 30 pounds.  203! Yes, I have some side effects but I have learned to deal.  Constipated, have a serving of raw pumpkin seeds to get things moving.  Dry mouth, drink, drink, drink!  Water of course.  Feeling foggy.  I feel so much less loopy after I get my daily exercise in, don 't know why but it changes.  Water also helps with the loopy foggy feeling.  The side effects are minimal as this drugs works along with a diet change and an exercise plan.  I take the 7.5.  Which takes my food craving away.
After trying Ritalin, Concerta, Adderall. This medicine changed everything. I am organized and focused for first time in my life, I 'm 38. Only draw back is it last about 6 hours for me not 12. But 6 productive hours, actually finishing things is better than I 've ever had!
I 've been on a 10mg dosage of Citalopram for about 2 weeks now and after a few days I could already see the effects. I have a lot more energy and hardly feel tired (I didn 't even realise how tired and groggy I must have felt) I wake up and feel like getting out of bed would be nice! In terms of my anxiety, I usually felt panicked and my stomach and breathing would be really intensely effected but now when I am put in an anxious situation I don 't feel panicked. I 'm really hoping that it stops my nausea which I get in the worst situations and I have faith that it will. Would highly recommend this drug to try out, I know it doesn 't work for everyone but my boyfriend and his father are on it and have had amazing experiences. Give it a go!
I dislocated my shoulder. The ER doctor gave me this and when I came to a few minutes later my shoulder was back in the socket.
After many different medicines, this medicine worked the best! Happy with results.
I 'm so happy. I was completely stressed out thinking I was going to be pregnant &amp; I 'm not ready for a baby at all. The condom had broke of course i took plan b literally 30mins after it has been 6days &amp; i finally got my period i am so happy. A little bit of the side effects bothered me but it is so worth it!
I have had constant afib for over 2 years though mostly tolerable. At times though I have spells that usually run less than a few minutes with a heart rate of around 190 plus and pain. My worst battle with this level lasted about 15 minutes. I take 50mg of Metoprolol 2 times a day on a regular basis but add another 50 if I have the biggies and that settles the heart rate down quickly. Luckily I have no side affects but would love to find something else that quickly slows the heart rate ... mainly to avoid the pain and spooky stuff that goes a;long with it. I 've had 11 angioplasties and 10 stents since 1990 and am 70.
It 's really a miracle for oily greasy face. I love it.
This, most of the time, is the only antibiotic that works for me. I get bronchitis and sinus infections almost every year. I get no side effects from Levaquin. If you do, discontinue use and call your doctor. I am allergic to penicillin, so I am limited to which antibiotics I can take.
Experienced excessive sweating my entire life. I wish I would have got treated a long time ago!!! I 've always wore baggy shirts, hoodies, layers, anything! To cover it up. Now I don 't have to anymore. I never sweat anymore. However! The doctor recommended 3x a week and I got over excessive the first week out of eagerness. If used too often, or right after shaving, it 's dries them out so bad and can be very painful. Used as stated is amazing though. Love it!
Plan B is awesome! I really works, i was freaking out and looking for reviews just like some of you now because, i was on my most fertile days when i had unprotected sex, and i took plan b just two hours later and it worked!!! i got my period the next week after that. *If you have not purchased plan b yet and are unsure go on the website for $10 off coupon before you get it.
I 'm on the 3rd month of taking lexapro , started off with 2.5mg every night for about a week, then upped to 5mg and when I saw my doctor again 2 weeks later he told me to try the 10mg and I have been on 10mg ever since. At first it 's none stop drowsiness weird random dreams and anxiety and insomnia at night. For a good 4-5 weeks , but after that it 's cravings and you eat more and calmly and it gets better! It has work wonders! Hopefully it continues to work!
I have been taking enbrel for over a year now. It has worked wonders on my arthritis. I have tried everything, and this is the only thing that has worked.
Switched to this medication after Raltegravir due to adherence issues and couldn 't have asked for better! No side effects (same as raltegravir), only have to take it once a day with my Truvada which makes my life a lot more manageable. My counts are still stable; VL 40 CD4 1430 and CD4% 47. In a nutshell if you 're struggling with adherence but Stribild isn 't an option then I reccomend this to anyone.
Sleepy but helpful
Around May 28th (in my fertile window I believe, I track periods.) I had gone to see my boyfriend and we never really use condoms and I just started my birth control mid-cycle, so about 10 days in. I took the pill for 4 days but I wasn 't aware that you had to wait at least a week for it to be effective so when I found this out about 8hrs after having unprotected sex (three rounds using the pullout method but precum contains sperm I think.) I bought the EC. My period wasn 't for another two weeks and all I did was panic, worry and read these reviews. Since I continued taking my birth control as instructed my period came 3 days late when I started taking the placebo pill. Please be safe and have protected sex.And take the pill within good time
I am 18 and have never gave birth and was previously on the pill. I got mirena almost a month ago. My gynecologist gave me misoprostol to take 3 hours before the procedure and 600 mg of ibuprofen. The insertion was extremely painful for me, but the procedure only took about 10 minutes. After the procedure I had some cramping and a brown discharge for the rest of the day. The next day I woke up and felt great. Ever since I have not had any problems except for some bleeding the first 2 weeks which is normal and easily controlled by using a light pad. The insertion was very painful, but SO worth not worrying and about getting pregnant and taking the pill perfectly. If you can take a day of pain I recommend this full heartily. Mirena is awesome
Great. Has made seizures controlled.
This is an amazing medicine.  By day 2, I was feeling significantly well.  Notwithstanding, the side-effects of the medication for me personally are not comfortable:  sore kidneys in the morning, stomach upset, intestinal discomfort, headaches and muscle soreness.  However, I realize that it 's really important to finish my dosage (7 day supply) and I 'm on day 4.  This feels like a powerful antibiotic in my system and I 'm aware that it is effective against resistant gram positive and negative bacterial infections.  3 more days....yay.
I have chronic arthritis and have for 25 years. Believe me I have tried everything.  Finally pain clinic doc put me on Zohydro and I have my life back.  I can 't tell you how much it helps.  Please don 't let anything happen to where FDA takes this drug away. Why do the druggies have to ruin it for the people that are in pain always.  Thank you  Zohydro...thank you..
One month before I got newly diagnosed that I am diabetic. My A1C test shows 6.9 and doctor told I have diabetics. He preferred Januvia 100mg (1 time) with metformin 500 mg (2 times). I felt some side effects initially and gone after some days. Now I am doing regular exercise. But if I stop exercise or eat more food, the side effects like stomach problem easily coming back. Now when I am checking my sugar in device, it 's showing around 70-80 on fasting and 90-105 two hours after breakfast. But I think my glucose coming down when I miss a meal any time. I can 't tolerate it.So I believe, exercise is more important than any medicine. Once I dropped all medicines for ten days and exercised only, it showed normal glucose levels.
On Humira for two years now and what a difference it has made. I am no longer using a cane to walk and psoriasis is under control. Still some problems with my hands but I can do Yoga and hike again.
I love this medication. I have had NO break through bleeding and pain in my ovaries has gone away!
I have been on Cymbalta for 7months and it has changed my life. I have Ocd, GAD and severe anxiety over health and I havent felt like myself in 4 years until cymbalta. I do get night sweats BADDDDD but its something I have got used too. I take 60mg a day and I never want to get off it. I am a 26 yr old healthy mum and anxiety now doesnt rule my life... I do! :-)
This medicine has been a life saver for me, nothing else worked. In a couple of days I felt improvement - no uncontrollable diarrhea. 
Helped a lot.
I found citaprolam 10 mg dose using for three months has stopped my gambling addiction straight away. I also stopped feeling paranoid and depressed.
I 've been using epiduo for about a year now and it works for me. At first I hated it a lot it makes your skin super flaky and stingy and dry. Sometimes it 's painful to even put on lotion. But after a little bit I started to clear up a face full of acne and the terrible flakyness went away. Now I have almost no acne. I don 't need to use foundation hardly ever. I 'm not worried at all. It sucks really bad for a while and trust me I quit using it initially but my face got super bad and I ran back to it. It works for some people but if you have sensitive skin already I would not reccomend it. If your skin is already sensitive this stuff will burn it right off.
I 've had this for 4 years.  I 've seen many doctors and have lived very miserably and confused.  My mother ignored me and kept calling me a hypochondriac but I wanted answers.  Last week they figured it out.  I 'm on 500mg Metronidazole 2x daily for 7 days.  Today is the 7th day.  I have never in my life been so terrified of being unhealthy forever.  I want to heal.  On Tuesday, they will be testing my stool to see if I have rid myself of this infection.  If I do not get rid of this stupid bug, I will be soo disappointed.  And the metronidazole feels highly toxic.  My tongue is yellow from all of the yeast in my body from my gut flora being annihilated.  Someone comfort me. 
Incredibly helpful - short term use.
I was prescribed Lexapro 6 years ago for general anxiety disorder and mood swings due to premenopause.  This medicine helped me tremendously with very few side effects.  I did gain 30 lbs and had at least 1 nausea episode a day that would last for a couple of minutes.  Other than that, I felt much better.  I decided a few weeks ago to get off the medicine and weened myself slowly.  After a week without it, the anxiety returned.  I 'm now back on 5 mg and only after a few days am beginning to feel myself again.
Topamax/Topiramate has been wonderful for tic reduction. I have a fairly obvious case and they are exhausting and embarrassing. I have minimal to no side effects, a little drier mouth perhaps, plus my 15/20 vision reduces to 20/20. I feel less anxious and less &quot;pressure/need&quot; to tic. I can take much lower doses of the brand name to achieve the same effect with the generic; but my insurance won 't cover the brand name. It 's 100mg twice/day generic versus half that amount brand version. It 's still worth it!! I feel so much more in control and &quot;almost normal&quot;.
This medication literally is a life saver. I 've had chronic migraines for 10 years. I was on 10mg for 6 months then my migraines came back. My doctor upped my dosage to 20 and now it 's back to normal. But one side effect I can 't seem to shake off is sleepiness. I 'm sleeping close to 16 hours+ a day.
I love the Nuvaring. I am skeptical if I 've gained weight from it though and my sex drive did decrease.
Was diagnosed with Gleason 4+3 and had PSA of 10 and have very strong family history of prostate cancer.  I am 53 and brother had cancer at age 39.  Dr. immediately placed me on 150mg bicalutamide in preparation for HIFU procedure.  PSA dropped to 3.3 within 2 weeks.  I also noticed that a fibrous lymph node on my neck shrank noticeably.  After stopping the medication at 3 weeks and undergoing the HIFU procedure, the fibrous lymph node regained it 's previous size.
I don 't have as many crying spells as I used to.
I wanted to tell people about Humira. I have been on it 10days with no side effects! My scalp was 95% covered by Psoriasis. I started my first injection March 1st and today my scalp and behind my ears are clearer. The Humira pen is nothing to worry about doesn 't hurt. Leave it out 30 mins and inject in your stomach easy as can be! Good luck everyone.
I feel compelled to post this for all of you considering getting an IUD. When I was considering getting mine, all the horror stories on the Internet made me so scared to get and IUD I backed out of the procedure as soon as I got to the doctor 's office twice. I 'm 20, and I 've never been pregnant, so I thought it was going to be the most painful procedure I could imagine. I just got my liletta today, and having taken ibuprofen and a numbing shot, I felt close to nothing at all during the whole insertion process. Started cramping about 20 minutes later, but nothing nearly as bad as my worst menstrual cramps.
No problems or side effects.
I have been using this for just over 2 weeks now and lost 6 pounds. The side effects are there but not really bad%u2026.unless you eat the wrong things! It has helped me already see which food are more fatty than others. I have had no accidents etc but then I know if I go off having a curry/Chinese then yes, I will. I want to loose another 2 stone in 3 months and my doctor is positive I can. Just remember, it%u2019s not a miracle drug you must work with it by cutting down on fatty foods and portions as well as exercising. Good luck.
I am 32yrs old and opiates have been a battle since my teenage years; back in the 90 's I would get the 5MG percosets or 5MG methadone and would love that feel. Eventually that led me to Oxycontin 80 's, which led to jail, which led to heroin, which led to OD 's, which led to hell and back! Over the last 15 yrs I have battled w/ opiates and have consistently lost! But Suboxone has been a life saver for me; finally a drug which eliminates my urge, my cravings, my EVERYTHING! Methadone never did it for me but Suboxone has always helped and continues to help; I owe this drug my life because without it I would be lost. It 's NOT for every one but sure does help many of us who suffered from opiate addiction and is a great tool to get life started!
I switched BC because I was worried about being on depo for 8 years.  First I switched to the arm implant and delt with the month long bleeding and hormonal changes for almost a year before finally being put on falmina. Yes, I did bleed 7+ days the first placebo week but by the second I was already seeing improvement. Now this also happened to corrolate with me finally conquering my decade long opiate addiction so I 'm not sure how much of my mood swings were attributed to that or the BC  but the mood swings were intense. Yes, I got super anxious and depressed but when I found something that made me happy it felt as if the happiness permeated my entire being. Sexually active with my man everyday for a year with no protection, still no baby
Started Lunesta after a failed try at Trazadone and Prazosin and some other kinds. I 've been taking lunesta as needed for the past year. I 'm currently on Adderall and come off it here and there to make sure I can still function without it. So when I go back to taking my adderall, sleep isn 't an option. With the lunesta, it shuts my brain off and sleep the whole night. Yes, I have slight metal taste but I fall asleep before I actually notice it. I honestly wake not groggy at all, that 's why I love it. But yes, I gotta be careful and not get hooked on taking this stuff and have an dependence.
I take Allegra for allergies, but was still having side effects.  Flonase was added to my regime, and now I have no more runny, itchy nose, itchy ears and eyes, or sneezing.
Began feeling ill at work Friday 2/24 with a cough (thought it was post nasal drip) &amp; a stuffy nose. Took a Zyrtec &amp; sudafed with little relief. On Saturday I thought I had a cold &amp; the beginnings of an ear infection so I treated my symptoms with Tylenol, sudafed and Benadryl. By Sunday I couldn 't rest with the coughing so I took Delsym and one dose of that thickened the mucus up so bad I gagged whenever I coughed. On Monday I tested positive for the flu and took my 1st dose that night. Within an hour I was gagging again but wasn 't sure if it was the congestion or oseltamivir. I sipped on some soup and felt better within a couple of hours. Got my 1st good nights rest since Friday! Btw I was vaccinated :(
I was put on Vicidin first for my chronic back pain, didn 't work then the doctor said to try injections they worked for about a month. Then I got pain so bad I couldn 't get out of bed 1/2 the time and my family doctor said he didn 't want to give me anything stronger because of seizure medicines I was on. I tried everything for pain, then someone suggested pain management finally a doctor listened. He put me on the Fentanyl patch. I feel like I 'm 20 again. I can work, do things I couldn 't do before with me kids and grandkids. This patch is a God send. I did experience heavy sweating and vomiting and dozing off till my body became adjusted. Now I still get the nodding off effect occasionally,  and itching where the patch is.
Plan B one step is a LIFESAVER. My boyfriend and I had un protective sex. So within 4 hours after the incident, I took the pill. I was paranoid as hell, not sure whether this pill would work or not ( my first time taking it and I am also young). I experienced mild cramping , head aches and nausea for five days. But my period came on time ! The key is to stay calm and let the pill do its job.
I have been using Clobex spray for nearly 2 years. It is the best so far. My psoriasis is on my scalp, elbows and small spots here  and there on my body.  The Spray is the wonderful, real easy to use for applying to my scalp at odd angels.
Type 2. Active mom, 47, work, dance, sing, travel. 1000mg metformin twice a day, readings with Tradjenta between 140-230. Another doctor recommended yesterday to try Glipizide for 30 days, this morning a surprising 104. Feeling well.
I used Methylin ER for 3 months. I used the equivalent of a 90 days prescription (one 20 mg once a day) for 3 months. I did not use the pill every day due to illnesses and migraines. Who wants to be alert for that? When I did take it, it was a different life for me. I could actually plan what task I would complete that day instead of &quot;watch and wait&quot; as it has always been for me with narcolepsy. I am a stay at home mom with a 3 year old and a 14 year old. In result my house was cleaner, I was more predictable energy wise. I did sleep lighter and occasionally woke up at night. It was not bothersome though, not to stop it. Then the unfortunate happened, I became allergic to it ( I am also allergic to Nuvigil  and Progvigl).
I am allergic to a lot of pain meds. This is the only medicine I can take that takes the pain away.
I 've only been on Belviq for a few days, but I 'm already seeing it work! My appetite is curved and I 'm rarely hungry. I 've always struggled with never having that &quot;full&quot; feeling and always wanting to eat and eat, but with Belviq, I don 't seem to struggle with it anymore. I 've seen some people who don 't seem to respond to the medicine, which is unfortunate. However, some advice I have. If you take this medicine with an optimistic attitude, and you 're conscience about what you 're doing (eating habits), then I think most of the time, you 'll be successful. It 's not a miracle drug that just melts the weight off. You have to put forth the effort to listen to your mind more and not just your want to eat. Good luck!!
Bentyl has made a world of a difference to me.   I no longer have quick spasms where I have to run to the bathroom.  I can finally live my life without worrying if I will be able to make it to the bathroom or not. Of course, not all of my symptoms are completely gone but I don 't think that is possible with IBS.
Has done wonders for my state of mind. I think it 's awesome.
On Lexapro 14 months now. I almost never want Xanax anymore, and I am sleeping better than I have since I was a teenager (I am 46). Two negative results: sex drive has decreased markedly, and I 've had a 10% weight gain. But even with these two factors, I would never consider going back to the person I was before Lexapro.
Considering pretty much nothing has ever worked for me when it comes to stopping cold sores, this is a life saver. If u catch the cold sore in time this pretty much stops it from getting worse when I take 2 grams and 2 grams 12 hours later, than follow up with 1 gram the next day it 's already started healing. The only other thing that 's every helped is  lysine and that 's more preventative so I don 't get it. Once you have it though this is the best stuff by far. It 's pricey though so you better have insurance.
I 've been using this with doxycycline for about a month and a half and my skin has cleared up completely with the exception of some minor scarring. I put about a pea sized amount on at night and it goes on smoothly and doesn 't leave a film or anything like some other topicals. Such a life saver!
I did have bacterial vaginosis. Doctors were treating me for yeast infection. No one did a culture. They even gave me Metronidazole 4 pills in one shot. I developed sensitivity to it. Clindesse cream was smooth, calmed my symptoms and with only one time application my nightmare was gone.
Always works well with no side effects.
Not as good as THC but very effective for me. One wants a solution that allows your mind to not constantly be aware of pain. This does the job for me.
I have struggled with BED for years. I have been in therapy and tried many different coping mechanisms. I even tried joining Overeaters Anonymous. Nothing worked. I started to see a psychiatrist who tried me on an antidepressant. While I must admit I did have a general sense of feeling better I was still binging. I have been on Vyvanase 30mg for about 6 weeks now. I have not binged in those 6 weeks! At first I did experience headaches, nothing a Tylenol couldn 't take care of. The headaches disappeared after a week. I still feel the urge to binge at times but the Vyvanse along with the coping skills puts me back in control. Thanks to this medication I am in control of my binges and my health.
My son was on Abilify for the past year and he has been tic free.  I am upset because we now are taking him off because his liver enzymes are to high.  I wish this didn 't happen because he has been tic free since he started taking it.
I am taking Zoloft for social anxiety, depression, OCD (27yo F). I have to start out by saying I had TERRIBLE side effects for the 1.5months (nausea, dizziness, migraines, panic attack) to the point where I almost stopped taking the tablet.I persisted and 7 months on Zoloft has completely changed my life. I have had depression and OCD for years and anxiety had started to take over my life.After the initial symptoms subsided, I feel like a better, confident and much happier version of former myself. Like many others it 's hard to explain what I mean. It 's the best thing I 've ever done!Please try to persist!
I have been taking 200mg every 10 days for 6 months now. All I can say is what a difference, energy, sex drive, everything you have heard (good is true).
Was put on Flagyl 500mg twice a day for one week. Tomorrow morning is my last pill. Had no clue about this antibiotic. 1st pill was taken on an empty stomach and I put the pill on the front of my tongue....big mistake!  Was very aware after that what I had to do...place pill as far back as you can and drink water, fruit punch as fast as you can, on a full stomach!  I constantly feel like I 'm car sick, off and on headaches, some anxiety and just an overall disconnected feeling. But.....I have to admit it really works!
Prozac has taken my body aches away,  Prevents me from obsessing over what someone else did or said.  Helps with anxiety, depression, stress, and crying.  A lot of the other medications I had an allergic reaction to, or they made me lethargic and gain weight. Problems with short term memory and retaining new information, but that could be my age of 60.
I have been getting Botox every 4-5 months for a year and a half. I am almost 41 and everyone always guesses me at 34. I love it and have never had a problem with it. I would recommend it for anyone who is healthy with no underlying problems.
I have lost a total of 62 lbs &amp; still counting I have been using saxenda for 8 months I work out daily to keep my body toned with muscleThe side effects in the beginning were horrible which included vomiting nausea constipation &amp; no energyAfter I reached the highest dose it all went away I feel great &amp; I 'm enjoying my resultsHang in there it gets better!
I had been constipated over a week. The last two days were very bad and I had pushed so much I ruptured a hemorrhoid (that I got from pushing etc) and had bleeding. I was completely swollen and sore.  I tried a saline enema and another the next morning. Stool softeners with laxative both days but no help. Mineral oil laxative and again no help. I was nauseated sick and very sore. I was about ready to go to the ER when a pharmacist recommended trying this.  I drunk 8 of the 10 oz. Tasted okay. After the first 8 oz I was too nauseated to finish. After 1 hr it softened enough to push. After another hour I was vomiting but also able to use the bathroom and it was liquid every 15 min for about an hour. Woke up and had more liquid stool but feel great.
I 've been taking Depo for about 15 years and it 's never given me any negative symptoms. I went on it very young because I had painful abnormal periods. I haven 't had any menstral cycles the whole time, which means no pain. I 've never struggled with weight gain. My bones are healthy and strong, in fact I 've never had a broken bone in my entire life. It 's highly effective as a birth control and I am very happy with it.
My son 's doctor added this to Duac.  It cleared everything up.  My son had trouble spreading the Duac (fine motor problems) and what the Duac didn 't reach, the Doryx did.
Have taken this with my other medicines prescribed. It actually works and if taken for a long time you need not just stop, you have to be weaned off.
Lovastatin didn 't work for me. I changed to Crestor and result was a miracle for me (from 275 to 187), that 's what I needed for a long time.
Primidone is very effective.  I was on Inderal LA 120mg - take 2 once a day.  Then it stopped working.  They added Primidone 50mg, take 2 three times daily.  The combination works best.  My tremors are very difficult to deal with.  They got so bad as to interfere with normal everyday things.  
Girls before you read this, TAKE A BREATH! I My boyfriend and I had what we thought was protected sex on November 29th, however after he finished inside of me, he noticed that the condom had broken. We immediately rushed to the nearest CVS and bought plan B and I took it within about 25 minutes of the incident. For the next few days, I felt so awful- I experienced headaches, anxiety (not caused my the pill, simply my own anxiety), and exhaustion. I wasn 't quite sure where I was in my cycle since it is only 23 days long, but I assumed that I had just ovulated the day before the accident and I wasn 't sure if the egg was still fertile. But after a lot of sleepless nights I am happy to say that I got my period on its scheduled day, November 8th
Have been taking this for only about 3 days. Seems to take away most of the pain. Works better than anything else has for me. I 've tried Vicodin, Percocet, and naproxen tablets. This works better than any.
I am a 50-year-old woman who has lost 28 pounds after being on phentermine at the low dose (15 mg) for four months. About 3 weeks ago, I switched from daily dosing to every-other-day to wean off, and am continuing to lose about a pound a week. I think the main benefit of this medication is that it makes it much easier to eat healthy, and -- more important -- get into a *routine* for eating healthy. I have made some significant lifestyle changes over the past four months which I hope are now permanent. I stay between 1300 and 1400 calories a day, eat very small meals and lots of snacks including lots of healthy fats, drink very little alcohol and try not to eat anything at all after 6:00 p.m.
I have been on Trinessa for a month and so far everything has been great! I have no mood swings and don 't get hungry like crazy. I 'm eating the same like I normally do. I have not had any bad side effects, only thing is that my breasts have been so sore ever since I started taking it. But other than that, it is working well for me. And it is also clearing up my face! Before I started taking it, I read reviews and freaked out but I gave it a try and it worked wonderful for my body.
I 'm a 24 y/o female that had been dealing with mild acne four about a decade (rarely cystic). I 've been on Accutane for about a month and a half and my face is almost perfect. It 's done wonders for my confidence - I can even go out without makeup now. The only side effect I have is severely chapped lips (like, SEVERELY) - BUT - the risk far outweighs the results. I have recommended this medication to so many people.
Have been on this for four weeks.  First two weeks 1 gram daily then twice per week.  Just a few days after starting breasts felt full and tender like I was breastfeeding, gained up to 4 lbs.  Did the trick for relations with husband.I 'll be deciding if it 's worth it ( physical effects and possible cancer of uterus) when I go back for a follow up visit this week.
I am currently taking it for intense migranes. It is the only thing that I have found that has helped. I do have breakthrough migraines but the medication does keep the majority of them at bay. I do get many of the side effects. I get the tingling in the hands and feet. I occasionally get tingling on my tongue and a weird burning/taste when I drink soda. I get a slight dizziness when I first take it. I am more sensitive to cold and I get diarrhea. All of these side effects I can either live with or treat and are worth the freedom of the migraines. If you live with migraines everyday your willing to put up with a lot of side effects just to be pain free for a while. This medication is totally worth it.
Works wonderful for insomnia. Just the side effects are terrible. Headaches, drowsiness and WEIGHT GAIN!
Not only did Soma relieve pain, and muscle spasms,it allowed be to get my first full nights sleep in weeks.
I 've tried the patch, the shot, Ortho Cyclen Lo and now currently on Nora Be. I gained 30lbs while being on the shot and couldn 't lose the weight until I tried Ortho Cyclen, which gave me extreme nausea so I wasn 't able to keep any food down which caused me to lose the weight so yay but it was awful at the same time. I drop down to 110lbs after stopping Ortho Tricyclen Lo and now while being on Nora Be I only have gain 5 pounds but that 's from the holidays. Very satisfied with this product that I 'm taking it for the second year. 
I 've used Lovaza for about 8 months and triglycerides are now 900, before it was 3000. My family, sister and father have very high triglycerides. This is the only drug that has ever worked for me and I 've used them all. I got my sister to tell her Doctor about it and he put her on Omacor, hers went from 1000 to 250 in 3 months. I just wonder how common this illness is. 
I used to take a high dosage time release tablet of another drug. If I took it when I woke up, say 8 o 'clock, I would inevitably go through an anxious and depressing period everyday around 5pm. My psychiatrist prescribed me Adderall Xr and Adderall to see if I wouldn 't go through this down period. I am so much happier now. Adderall permits me to be focused, less impulsive, and organized while lessening up the side effects, which I got with the other drug. I have an appetite, but am not an impulsive eater. 
I started phentermine in 2015 weighing in at 300lbs. Within 2 weeks I was down 13lbs but one of the horrible side effects was insomnia. I decided to step up my workout regimen and take only a half of pill and ended up losing  a total of 45lbs in less than 5 months. Once losing the weight, I got pregnant and gained it all back so now I 'm taking it again in hopes of getting the weight off a second time. I suggest drinking a LOT of water and working out that will make the weight come off faster. Although this pill was effective for me, I suggest talking to your doctor first.
I have been taking this medication for almost a week, and I noticed immediately that the hunger decreased. I find myself hardly hungry, and when I do eat, I notice that I am full alot quicker. So full to the point of getting sick with another bite. Lunch time seems the meal where I can eat the most, but still that is hardly anything. 
So I posted on here on my 6th day on adipex,  so here it is almost three months on adipex , I 'm still on my 1000 calorie diet and working out , started the c25k app a few weeks ago , I started out at 180 pounds my weight now is 145 lbs , I am starting to worry that my weight loss will stop after I take my last pill but I 'm hoping for the best ,adipex still seems to be doing the job , I 'll keep u posted :-)
I quit on day 3 of chantix 4 years ago, was dumb and started smoking again a year later!! :9  This time around, I am on week 2 and every time I take a dose I get dizzy and want to puke. Oddly, my teeth hurt the other day? I am noticing that I can only take a puff or 2 before the nausea really gets bad (constantly nauseas for hours after dose) and i cant even finish a smoke, so that 's good? I smell cigarette smoke now, it smells stale and awful. I have gotten a little more aggressive but I think that it is more irritation than anything but, I think its because I want to puke all the time! BUT I am constantly hungry....yet, cant eat!!
26 y/o female who was diagnosed with ADHD at 15. My parents chose not to treat it with medication. As an adult in college- I got made fun of in good humor by friends about how much I studied. I couldn 't concentrate, remember, mind wander and jump to something else &amp; hyper. Tried Adderall instant and XR. My husband said both made me mean and irritable. Plus I lost 10 pounds before our wedding (already underweight). It increased my anxiety, I hated it. My psychiatrist switched me to Vyvanse 30mg. Wow! No mood swings, no appetite changes, can concentrate, less anxiety because it evens me out.  I feel alive and normal!
I really like Solodyn as my acne treatment.  I have been using this medication since march 2015 but after a couple months of using it my acne disappeared. I was on proactive for 2 years but no luck. Solodyn is truly a great antibiotic pill for acne. Please do yourself a huge favor and try it! Everyone deserves to go through life with clean skin! God bless
Awesome! Best thing I ever used on my cystic acne. Bought OTC Differin about a month ago and I haven 't had a cyst since, which is unheard of for me. For the first time in years my complexion is smoother, skin is clear, and pores look smaller. Some dryness and redness at first, but subsided. Love this stuff!
The only medication that controls my blood press all the time, even when in a stressful situation. Still have to take a diuretic. No hot flashes or ear draining.
Have been taking this for two weeks. My children and husband can tell what a difference it has made, though I have been much harder to wake up in the morning.  That is the reason I rated it a 9. I do sleep better, focus better, but one issue, I am having trouble remembering what I have done in the evenings after I take my medication.
Didn 't like it, but it did work. I felt like it brought out the worst in me. I got mad pretty easy, and had some weird thoughts. Deep thoughts that I would not normally think of. I took bupropion for 11 days and just could not keep feeling like I was and quit it. I guess you have to give up something to quit and I gave my mind for a little.
I 'm on day 9 on Alesse so far, not very far into it yet but so far I really like Alesse. I was so badly traumatized from my first birth control experience as a teen it scared me to go on birth control again. Yasmin was really bad for depression and weight gain I didn 't like it. Now I am married with children and wanted to try something else again, Alesse is low dose so I figured maybe it might be different this time , it 's way better! My mental health is extremely important, I feel a little tired on this pill but only minor, I will update again to see how it continues, so far so great.
Starting taking Valium for nightmares.  Yes, it stopped the nightmares, but the next morning was the first time I didn 't wake up with a headache in 36 years.  I clench my teeth at night, so they pulled ALL my top teeth out and all but 9 bottom teeth out 12 years ago.  I still woke up with a headache every day.  Now, to learn that all I needed was a little Valium for 36 years!  I have 9 teeth left! The Valium works wonders, take my word for it.
I have had my IUD for over a year now and I think it 's the best thing ever. When I first got it put in I only bled for about a week with a little cramping. After that nothing at all. I haven 't had a period for about 8months until I finally got one, and its not bad at all. It 's light, no cramping, no headache, nothing. I haven 't gained weight, my acne is gone, and my moods are fine. I know all women are different, but I just hear all these horror stories and I just wanted to tell my story, which is a good one. Hope it calms some of your fears.
I love this medicine.  My sister had a pulmonary embolism and had to take Coumadin, with shots and weekly blood tests.  After my P.E., I take Xarelto and have for 5 months.  No issues.  If I get a cut, it clots just fine.  No doctor visits.  No blood tests.  A miracle for thrombosis.
Me again and it has been 6 months now no cigarettes.  My pharmacist was most helpful, once I was very sick to my stomach, he said to me we give the same dose to a man that weights 200 pounds as someone who weights 100 pounds.  Think about it.  If the dose you are taking is too strong cut the pill in half or in a quarter.    If you have heavy dreams take a lighter dose maybe earlier during the day say latest 4pm
To deal with menopausal symptoms: stress, anxiety, depression and insomnia, I tried paxil and prozac. Not a good result: both very heavy duty - you FEEL drugged. With prozac I was drooling and I didn 't even know it; with paxil,  I felt dull-witted and thick, like a beached whale. But the  3rd time was a charm: I tried Celexa and it worked almost immediately. I felt calmer, not depressed and I slept like a baby. For me it 's the best. the only side effect is one 1/2 hour after taking it I feel nauseous for a few minutes. small price to pay.
Instead of the ups and downs of short-acting Ativan (1mg X 5 times a day).....Xanax XR seems to take the edge off so I can enjoy life without the hamster wheel and tooth clenching, etc....
I 'm 19 and I 've never been pregnant, so wanted to leave a positive review of this, because I was scared to have it put in, but I 'm really glad I did! Having it put in is unpleasant, but worth 10 years of hormone-free-babylessness. The rest of that day was pretty crampy, but with mefanamic acid, paracetamol and a hot water bottle, it was fine!!The cramps then went away until just before my period, when I had a few painful days. Once my period started they were much better though, so maybe they weren 't period-related, just it &quot;settling in&quot;. My period was a bit longer and heavier than usual, but nothing awful.Sex is amazing.I 've only had it 3 weeks so I can 't say much more, but I 'd recommend it so far!
I love this medication. Slowly my emotions are getting stable! The first few weeks are rough because it hadn 't taken effect. Wait it out and hopefully it will help you too!
I was waking up tired, everyday, gaining wieght like crazy. I thought for sure it was my thyroid. I went to the dr the beginning of June, had blood test set on the fact that it was my thyroid - nope! It was just my eating habits, June 6, 2016 I wieghed 296#s the heaviest I had ever been. It was my own fault, i never felt full. I talked with my Dr. about a lot of differwnt options long story story short... now November 12 i am under 240# and I have control of my eating habits. I have not noticed any side affects other than feeling great and wanting to make healthy choices, sleeping better, losing and chaning my life. Thank you Qysmia and Dr. Cambell
Was started on the 20...good for 2 weeks and then I got really dragged out...until I could get to the doctor. I would take it off for a couple hours and put it back on...just changed me to the 10 but this one isn 't enough...had to take Lortab with it for the first time...will call and have her add the 5. My concern is the summer when I hike and swim...have to take it off as I might get too much medicine. Kind of defeats the purpose as I hurt when I am active.
I didn 't think Belviq would work but tried it anyway.  Now I have lost 30 pounds or 15 percent of my weight.  I now believe hard to lose weight is a thing of the past for me!  Thank you Belviq.
Very good.
Have been on Lupron for about 2 years and my stage 4 prostate cancer is now in remission. My prostate cancer specialist gets all the credit and kept side effects to a minimum with the help of other meds and supplements. I recommend Lupron.
Just got Mirena put in today. Procedure took less than 5 mins. It was not painful as others say. I would definitely recommend taking ibuprofen before for the mild cramping. I could go back to work today but rather enjoy my day off. I will go back tomorrow. Maybe it is true if u had kids before it doesn 't hurt as much. I had two children vaginally. Hope this helps someone. Also, u will have little spotting from procedure. Wear panty liner. Keep u posted!
All I can say is thanks to my doctor for Viagra!I 'm only 48 but had been suffering occasional issues with not getting or keeping an erection and it was becoming an issue. As any man knows...once you think too much about how important it is to get the erection, it 's not going to stay or happen!Doctor recommended trying Viagra 50mg to get back into the swing of it after the usual checks. He actually said probably cutting the 50mg pill in half would work, but I popped in the 50mg anyhow at the end of a meal out and gave myself the recommended 1 hour. Amazing results, lasted 30 mins on this! Poor wife had to take a breather halfway but she loved it!  Half a pill next time, had slight headiness. Repeat prescription for us!
I had this inserted today.  Due to extremely heavy bleeding during my periods I chose to get an IUD.  The previous reviews freaked me out!  The insertion hurt for about 10 seconds and then I just felt cramps a bit heavier than my period.  It was not as bad as some of these reviews stated (maybe a 6/10).  I was told to expect moderate cramping for about 3 days as my body adjusts and light bleeding for 3-6 months.  Hoping this will be worth it!
I had Kyleena inserted yesterday. The insertion took about 15 minutes and went well. I was so nervous before, that after I was shaky mostly from a release of my nerves. It was painful. There were about 3 big cramps for me. It was mostly just very uncomfortable and I wanted it to be over. When it was done, I bled a small to medium amount on the table. My doctor was not concerned so I rested for a bit, breathed and went on my way. I was on BC pills for about a year and totally lost my sex drive. My doctor has hope this will help me. Several hours after insertion I felt a lot of momentarily dehabilitating cramps but they came and went. Ibuprofen really helped with this. I used a heating pad and was able to go to school the next day just fine.
I started experiencing severe tremors as a side effect of other meds. At first I could not brush my teeth, then I had problems typing, next I could not feed myself or even hold a cup of coffee, finally I had bouts of tremors so bad that I could not even walk.I finally ended up seeing a neurologist who once he saw the problem and the severity he immediately prescribed Inderal. Within a week virtually all of my tremors had stopped and I was immensely relieved.I experienced no side effects at all.I have been on them for 7 years now and I only slightly shake if get really tired or drink too much coffee.All in all - I would highly recommend this medication for anyone with severe tremors.
Very helpful but over last year or so waining effectivness.
I take this medication for bipolar, but it also does wonders for generalized anxiety disorder. I have suffered for DECADES with anxiety and panic attacks and SSRIs have stopped working for me. When I started taking seroquel it was like I finally saw color in the black and white world I was living in. My moods are completely under control and my anxiety is controlled for the most part. This medication definitely has side effects. Its a tranquilizer. It makes you very tired. It also made me gain a significant amount of weight...but I would rather deal with the side effects then deal with the horrible anxiety I was living with everyday. I take it before bed...make sure you 're able to get at least 8 hours of sleep so you 're not groggy the next day
Take action name brand.                          To the women that 's going through what I 've been through!! I  had unprotected sex twice back to back November 11 2016 and November 12th 2016. I can say I took the first pill 6 hours later and the second  7 hours later.. after taking this pill I only became nauseous several times and a little cramping after I took it till now Nov 26th.   I was a nervous wreck!! I read reviews after reviews  I prayed and had faith and behold 2 weeks later (today Nov 26) my period is on. I will never do this again.. women! We  have to start using our brains and not the frame!! My money was well spent!!!  Good luck
I love Gianvi! It has been effective with no side effects. My skin is clear, I have a sex drive, I didn 't gain weight, and my periods are lighter. I can 't say anything bad about this pill. Sadly have to quit it because my new insurance won 't pay for it. 
I have had 12  hospital stays in the last 2.5 years each for at least 1 week due to Pancreatitis.  During this time, I have had 4 surgeries (galbladder, 30% of Pancreas, Spleen, Gastric Obstruction) on top of these &quot;visits&quot;.  This is the only drug that actually works on the pain for me.  It doesn 't give you a light show like Demerol, it just kills the pain period.Only con I see is that tolerance builds quickly.  I usually need 2 mg every 3 hours to stay up on the pain, but I have been up as high as 4mg over 3 hours for a few days.
Had bought 200mg Ibuprofen over the counter today at the pharmacy while receiving my medications. Never did think too much of Tylenol and always did hear the horror stories of Tylenol and liver failure growing up, so as I 've become an adult I 've weaned towards Ibuprofen. I had a killer headache and took only one 200mg Ibuprofen. Great relief; my headache is long gone. 
I am 46 and have had rosacea my whole life, but never had a bad outbreak until recently.  I tried other antibiotics (oral and topical) and minocycline was the only  one that actually cleared my skin back to normal- even the slight redness on my cheeks is going away. I started taking 100 mg twice a day and noticed a difference in a day re- burning lessened. It took about 5 days for my skin to return to its pre-rosacea state. I will continue using minocycline.
After about a year with this, I went to see a doctor &amp; I was just diagnosed with pustular psoriasis - palms of hands and bottom of feet only. Before seeing a doctor, I started juicing heavily - 200lbs (no, that 's not a typo) of carrots in three weeks &amp; added green juices to my regimen as well. My hands had completely cleared and my feet were almost completely clear. But because of another issue, I went to my doctor - and because of the then upcoming tests I backed off of my juicing completely. The psoriasis came back on my hands and feet. While I wasnt juicing, I figured I would find out what it was. Doc gave me the Clobex spray. For the immediate painful inflammation problems in my feet caused by the psoriasis, this stuff is AWESOME.
I took these tablets at half 9 last night. The one dose. I 've had weird stomach noises, no diarrhea, no sickness or nothing. A little bit of a sore head but not sure if thats to do with these tablets or not. I read all these reviews before hand and got all worked up preparing for the worst but no problems at all.
It is the most effective pain reliever there is.
I never experienced any side effects. Cleared all problems with film, caused blurred and fogging vision.  My only problem is it is not accepted by AARP Complete Solutions.
Rythmol 325mg twice daily is my life saver after trying 3 others over past 8 years with 6 cardioversions.
I cannot tell you how long I 've suffered from depression due to my plaque psoriasis.  I 've tried Stelara, Cosentyx and Humira.  None of them gave me clearance.  I recently started taking Siliq and it 's clearing up magically.  It 's amazing.  I so highly recommend this drug to anyone with plaque psoriasis.  I feel alive again.
My problem isn 't getting to sleep..it 's STAYING asleep. I have found that after trying Lunesta (nasty-nasty aftertaste for an entire day afterwards..and the hangover!) I much prefer Ambien but it has to be &quot;CR&quot;...and crystal clear the next day. Never had any problem with after effects..ever. Problem is..Dr stopped prescribing sleep aides as too addictive, however even after reminding him that the last bottle of 50 lasted me about three years..he still wasn 't willing. This needs to be over the counter. 
Awesome, Awesome. Have had it for 2 weeks now. No problems thus far. Actually lost 4 lbs, went from 127 to 123lbs.
My Granddaughter all of a sudden came down with a high fever of 105 degrees. We took her to urgent care her flu test came up positive for Type A. The doctor gave her Tamiflu and within 1 day her fever was completely gone. Within two days she was 60% better. Unfortunately I became ill and sure enough tested positive for Type A flu. I was given Tamiflu and I have never experienced such quick results. I was very ill with fever, chills, fatigue, body aches, terrible congestion, and coughing. After 1 day on Tamiflu, my symptoms lessened. I was 50% better within 24 hours and 70% better within 48 hours. The only downside was I lost some hearing in my left ear &amp; have 2 severely infected ears. Dr. said side effect of Tamiflu is ear infections.
Best I 've felt in a long time.
I 'm now 23 years old. I have been taking Metadate for 7 years. I love everything about it. I have tried others but they all had side effects. I 'm on 60mg which is perfect for me. With this pill I can be myself. I can read and understand what I just read. I can listen to one person and control my thoughts. I don 't get distracted like before. This has change my life. I wish I had it earlier in school. I had a very hard time. So to parents who are stressed give it time and try to understand your child. They learn differently, understand differently. They can 't help it. I couldn 't.
I 'm 15 and had pretty bad acne for about three years. My dermatologist percribed 150mg doxycycline haplate to take once in the AM, also paired with 0.1% adapalene gel 2 or 3 times a week and cetaphil gentle face clenser every night This has tremendously helped my acne!!!! Also i use PanOxyl face wash (recommend by dermatologist) and a moisturizer every morning, You can buy it at Walmart or Walgreens. As for the doxycycline I haven 't had any side effects other than little stomach aches but that 's it. (I 've only been using this routine for 14 days So I don 't know about what will happen but as for now it 's pretty great :)
It saved my life. Back in January I was so constipated I literally was vomiting up my back-up for 12 hours straight and ended up in the ER. I have been backed-up since before Thanksgiving. I might have been able to have a bowel movement if I was lucky once every week or two. My stomach hurt so bad. I tried oral laxatives, stool softeners, literally everything. So a week ago my pain specialist for my neuropathy gave me some samples of Linzess. I tried it literally right away and &quot;waa-laa&quot;. It worked! I was so happy I cried tears of joy. I suffered from November-March and all I needed was a little white pill called Linzess. I went to 3 other doctors before her and no one else even suggested it. 
My daughter has a birthmark on her shoulder and she is not quite 14 months old, appeared when she was almost 2 months old, by 12 months is was like a golf ball. Was getting quite concerned of the size, was put on 2mls twice a day every 12 hours and has gone down heaps to our relief.
In about 1996 I started Prozac for 13 years and then it stopped working,  I was on 2 different meds since then but the last one caused excessive body sweating to the point where I could not work as I work with the public.I just went back on Prozac 3 days ago and I already feel so calm and rational.  When I was on it for those 13 years my doctor said I was the poster child for Prozac as I had no symptoms.  So far I do not have any.I love Prozac.
Fantastic product .... seriously you most try for anxiety or low mood . Man of 46 I suffer stress anxiety low mood .... 450mg twice a day .... boom .... works a treat .... go for it .... don 't delay you will better in no time
I am so grateful to find other 's who actually are thankful to this medicine. I have been beating myself up over taking it for the past two years, due to this new medication free obsession (which is good advice for some), but this is the ONLY medication that has made me feel better. Instead of going up in dosage, after being diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder two years ago, I have gone down (without even trying). This is an amazing and life saving medication to those who actually need it. I have suffered all my life and nothing else ever worked. Just a tip: if people tell you that you don 't need this medication, think back to before you ever took it. 100 % satisfaction with this medicine!
I 'm 23 years old and have been using Depo-Provera for a year and a half and I love it. I hope I never go back to the pill. I did gain about 7 pounds the first year but I 'm not sure I can blame that completely on the shot. I was able to the extra weight within 6 weeks of diet/exercise. I rarely have a period and even then it 's light and barely noticeable. Never heavy bleeding like a normal period and that is awesome. I get my shot in the arm and it never hurts or leaves my arm sore. I also take calcium and vitamin C supplements to prevent bone density loss.
Miraculous
After 20+ years of &quot;functional&quot; opiate abuse, I finally got sick and tired of being sick and tired. At the advice of some NA friends, I found a kind and compassionate  Suboxone doctor.Amazingly, I have not had a single relapse the whole time on the Sub, and it 's been nearly seven years. Not one!  So now, with some time under my belt, I 'm slowly tapering down, from 8mg/day to 4mg/day.  I 'm in no rush.   Suboxone has saved my life, my marriage, and my family.
I have had severe AS/RA (Ankylosing Spondylitis/Rheumatoid Arthritis) since I was 7 Years old. I am 25 now. I have been on Oxycodone 30 mg 6x daily and Embeda 60 mg 2 x daily and used with my Enbrel I can do most things I should be able to do normally.
I love this product. I wish I would have known about it years ago. Make sure to take it early so you 'll be able to sleep.
Rythmol 325mg twice daily is my life saver after trying 3 others over past 8 years with 6 cardioversions.
Keep you from wanting to kill yourself  make you feel more comfortable just meadows you out keeps me from having  back  flashing. First time I didn 't like bad side affects  the Dr gave me 50mg a day but I take 50mg bed time then I cut pill in half  late morning and early evening. First time  taking  make you sleep really good. I have know side affect. I like keeps you calm
I got the Nexplanon 6 weeks after I had my daughter. At first I DID NOT LIKE IT AT ALL! I wasn 't on my period when I had gotten it inserted but shortly after that I had my period for 3 months straight, it was heavy bleeding for the whole 3 months, I had contacted my obgyn and they gave me pills to stop bleeding, did not work, I took another form of birth control to help level out my hormones, that didnt work either. She finally told me if it didnt stop by the end of October 2013 I would have it taken out, well luckily it stopped in September and I have only had my period once since then, now I love it. I lost about 15 pounds, my insertion spot is completely healed, I did get nauseous once, but other than that I 'm completely happy.
I was scared to death to have my Skyla inserted, but after getting it done yesterday, it really was no big deal at all. I took 800mg of Ibuprofen an hour before my appointment and that helped me relax quite a bit. My boyfriend came with me to the appointment and held my hand through the whole thing and that helped a lot too. There was some cramping during the insertion but other than that, it wasn 't much worse than having a pap smear done.
Hey guys. I was diagnosed with Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome a few days ago. I gained weight and I didn 't have my period for over 8 months. I am not over weight but I was still advised to lose weight.  I am on Metformin 500 one a day and after ONE day I got my period! Amazing! I did have pains and I felt sick but nothing horrible. I am going back to GP for check in 6 weeks so I will let you know more. Just had to share my excitement as this was the website I was reading regarding to Metformin.
Ativan was prescribed inpatient to me.  After major suicidal ideations and an active plan, I was given this to take when required ( about 3 to 4 mg a day ) inpatient.  I am on Lamictal, Lexapro and ritalin also Seroquel as needed for sleep, plus Ativan 1 mg when required.  I usually take 1 mg in the evening.  Works great!  Very subtle compared to Klonopin, Valium and Xanax.  I would rank Xanax as number 1, Ativan number 2, Valium 3 and Klonopin a close 3rd but 4th.  Give Ativan about 1.5 hours to feel effects, it takes about 2 hours to peak and lasts about 8 for me.  Doesn 't pack a  'punch ' like Xanax or Valium but it is noticeable.  It also seems to help depression somewhat!  Whereas others can drag u down.
Valium/is a life saver. INSTANT calming from anxiety,  depression.  Put the tablet under your tongue .. immediately  released into your system. ADDICTED? So what?,  it works .. no different than HAVING TO TAKE HEART MEDS for the rest of my life. I 'm not addicted to them .. they keep me alive. Valium  keeps me sane and prevents depression &amp; anxiety. .. difference ?..NONE .. Feel the same way about Ambian. Sleep disorders  my entire life... age 50  Dr recommended. Now really get a GOOD NIGHT DEEP SLEEP .. totally rested in the morning instead of tired.  ADDICTED  ... yup .. same same as Valium ... my body responds positively  ... so who cares if it is an addiction  .. it works for the purpose intended. And I am healthier &amp; happier.
Have lost 34 pounds in 4 months, hubby has lost 30 pounds in 4 months. Not to mention the size loss... huge BMI drops.
Amitiza is GREAT! My constipation began 11 years ago at the age 20 which caused me to deal with very bad fissures. I hated going to the bathroom. I would be in the bathroom for literally an hour to an hour and a half mentally trying to prepare myself for what would occur. I began taking laxatives every other day just get some relief but yet I still had unhealed fissures. When I finally was prescribed Amitiza I was scared to go to the bathroom as I mentally had to prepare myself and to my surprise it didn 't hurt and I felt normal. I wanted to cry. I wasn 't in pain. I still tend to feel slight nauseous for little while  though I eat with the meds and drink plenty fluids but I will take that over constipation and pain.
I have been taking Sertraline for 3 months now for anxiety, I started with 50mg and have had very bad mood swings, aggression attacks and feeling of throwing up for roughly a week, however after that I started to feel much better until a month later, I was feeling just like before taking the medicine (anxious) . So the doctor increased my dosage to 100mg, and had even worst side effects, very severe mood swings, aggression attacks at anything, hungry all the time and fatigue, this has lasted for a month, however now, two months after increasing my dosage, I have been feeling much much better. Bottom line, I say give I time to work, about a month, and if you didn 't feel better, then you should talk to your doctor, don 't give up on it 
I have had about four cold sores a year throughout my teens and through my twenties. My dentist had a Sitavig poster in his office and gave me a prescription when I asked about it. I got a cold sore over 4th of July while at the beach and quickly applied Sitavig. I didn 't have any issues with tablet in my gum and was still able to eat and drink throughout the day. Best part was I didn 't get a blister and haven 't had one since. Copay for two tablets was $35 which I thought was fair for two treatments.
I was a heroin addict for the past 5 years.  I was in and out of detox 6-7 times. I never wanted to be on Suboxone outside of detox, because of the horror stories I had heard.  This medication saved my life.  I got clean on January 1 of this year (checked into detox, again, on Dec 31-- yes, New Years Eve).  I decided this time to stay on the medication following discharge.  It has completely changed my life.  I am still clean, on a low dose and tapering off at a pace that 's comfortable for me, I didn 't sleep for maybe 2 weeks after returning home, but that was due to the fact that heroin used to put me to sleep. I am a mother to my son and daughter again thanks to Suboxone.
I was prescribed Levaquin 750 milligrams for bacterial conjunctivitis. It work when nothing else would. Two thumbs up
I am women 45 and suffer of general anxiety and panic attacs voor 25 jears. I took Zoloft already tree times in my life and it helped me every time. But every time I stopped my sympthomes turned back. I am taking Zoloft again voor 5 weeks and for the first time I have very bad side effects like naussea more panic bad sleeping...even after 5 weeks. I still hope it will help like other times but it is weard and I am worrying it will not work. I had some good days but genarally it is not going well at this moment. I also tried other AD in the past and nothing helped me like Zoloft. I was always at 50mg and it was enough. Maybe I have to take more or wait longer. I gave it 10 because of his working in the past. Anybody same experience?
I started taking Lysteda just one day ago and I can tell the difference in my period. Before taking this medication I would use 2 bags of 14 overnight pads in 3 days. I have used pantyliners this week. It works.
Well, I used the one work the little egg that goes inside and mine came with anti itch cream and some feminine wipes with aloe and vitamin E. 3 hours after insertion I experienced slight burning and a little itching, so I used the wipes they provided and just patted it on my vajayjay and the aloe relived the discomfort right away!
I have tried so many medicines like Zoloft, Bupropion, Venafaxaline, etc. I talked to my doctor and he decided to put me on Viibryd as a last resort before turning me over to a Psychiatrist. He said 80% of his patients had a positive result from taking Viibryd. Only 20% didn 't. I have only been on Viibryd for a total of 2 days (counting today) and my mood, irritability, stress, self motivation and self confidence have felt miraculously better. So much so that my husband told me yesterday (1st day of 10mg pink pill) that it was good to have me back for a day. I notice I am not as stressed when stressful situations arise. Yes, I have had side effects, nausea, diarrhea, but I feel overall better.
I have taken a number of ADHD medications starting around 6th or 7th grade to help with school.  I tried Vyvanse, Concerta, Ritalin, and Focalin.  Focalin by far has been my favorite. When on Focalin I could crank out work and was very effective.  While many people complain about the lack of hunger you feel, this was almost a plus to me because it gave me one less thing to distract me.  The only negative that I experienced was sometimes feeling detached, lonely, or on the verge of tears.  They were not severe but did occur.  I still loved this brand the most of all of the brands I had tried but unfortunately, our insurance stopped covering Focalin and I switched back to Ritalin which is where I am at now.
I love this pill option.  No negative side effects. Short menstrual, less acne
I have to say this med has helped me a lot it has taken my pain from 8 to 3 I drive a semi so I 'm very limited on what I can take.  Also sitting in that seat for hours on end would make me want to hang it up. The pain was so bad then I was put on tramadol now I can play with my kids right after driving for hours and just be a little stiff n sore instead of going straight to bed cause of the pain. Plus cigarettes tasted so nasty I had no problem quitting when I started
I was prescribed this medication for use on several areas of my body that are ravaged by osteoarthritis. I have had great results, when used regularly this gel works. It is a fast acting medication, so you can apply it and get on with activities right away.The cost of the medicine is high, but if you have tried products such as aspercreme, biofreeze or joint flex. You will see that the cost and relief you get are directly related. I have and will continue to recommend this medicine to anyone who needs relief from osteoarthritis. Thanks for the help NOVARTIS.
I have been taking Loestrin for about 11 months now and I haven 't had any side effects except that I never get my period at all, and I  would like to have it for at least a day so I could know for sure that I 'm not pregnant. Otherwise I have lost weight and my acne is way better. I don 't plan on switching anytime soon!
It works.  Nothing else did for leg and foot cramps.
I am a 22 yr. old female. I am 5 '7&quot; and weighed 170 pounds when I started Adipex-P on December 3 2011. It is now the 12th and I have lost 9 lbs! 9lbs in 9 days! I couldn 't believe it. I have been exercising 3 times a week for an hour and I 'm on a 1200 calorie a day diet. Protein and fiber mostly and I allow myself one cheat meal a week. I 'm drinking mostly water and maybe a a gatorade or two a week. I would like to get down to 130 lbs so I still have a way to go. Wish me luck. I will update in a month.
This is the second Mirena that I have had put in and I love it. The insertion was very painful and I had some cramping for few days, then nothing. I have not had a period in 7yrs, no break through bleeding/cramping/spotting. I also have not noticed any significant weight gain like some people do with certain birth controls. Removing the first one after 5yrs was also a piece of cake not nearly as painful as putting it in!! I love it!! Probably will put another one in(which would make 3) if I still need it by then I 'm 43 not sure what the rules are about age and the the max amount of yrs you can have this.
best birth control device ever!!! I 've had two paragard IUDs in my lifetime and no weight gain or craziness since there aren 't any hormones and nothing to worry about!  Loved my almost 20 years using this device and insertion and removal are pretty much pain free and easy.  Do yourself a favor, get off those weird hormone laden IUDs or birth co troll pills and do this now!!
I have been taking this medication for years for chronic pain. It has helped me get my life back. I manage it well.  I do not have addictive tendencies so I have not had problems. I am aware that I would have to step down slowly if I stopped taking this medication. Oxycontin has helped me deal with pain so I can take care of my family and hold down a job while dealing with painful osteoarthritis in my back, neck and hips.
Works very well for heavy bleeding during menstrual cycle.
10 out of 10. I 've suffered from insomnia my entire life and finally found something that works, highly recommend. As my doctor told me, it takes your body a couple weeks to adjust to this medicine, but when it does it works very well.
I don 't see any women commenting, maybe I 'm the first?  My husband is 13 years older than me, started having &quot;unreliable&quot; erections a few years ago (in his late 50 's) This was causing me to feel insecure, thinking maybe he just wasn 't turned on by me anymore. We did not discuss it, I was afraid it would cause anxiety and make matters worse. Viagra was recommended by a friend, so we tried it and that was the best erection my husband has ever had! (In 25 years!) I tell him it just helps him meet his best potential.  So this has been a part of our lives ever since. The 45 minute wait is actually kind of a turn on because I know what 's coming.  I love it and I highly recommend.  Side effects: blurry vision and stuffy nose.
I 'm a 48 year old female that started showing symptoms at age 17, diagnosed at 19 with the HLA-B27 marker. Total hip replacement at 29, chronic chest pain due to fusing. I have tried a butt load of meds over the years, most oral due to lack of insurance (Which thankfully, I now have) which cost me renal failure stage 2 including Methotrexate. I have a Medtronic pain pump and am on Oxycodone currently too. I have tried Enbrel, Humira and now Simponi. Simponi works very well for me WHEN I can get the smart injections to work. 
I have worked in the pharmacy going on 22 years. I hate taking medicine! However Buspar saved my life. I am prescribed Buspar 10: 1 tab twice daily (12 hours apart). I take it for anxiety (Severe chest pain, worry wart). I have experienced these chest pains that started in my late teens. As I got older, the chest pains got worse, to the point it would take my breath away. I played with the dose &amp; after 2 years...I only take 1 tab at bedtime. Once in a blue moon I will take a morning dose if my chest starts to feel heavy. If you have doubts or concerns, please talk to your pharmacist. A dr sees only his patience, a pharmacist sees ALL patients from every walk of life. I have also lost weight because now I sleep through the night. Down 12 lbs
Fluconazole is AMAZING! I had a yeast infection I took it on 3/14/16 and within only 12 hours the swelling went down completely and the itch stopped. Today 3/16 I am completely itch free no discharge no nothing! Definitely an awesome medication! Love it.
I had just about given up on ever thinking I could be on a hormonal form of contraception.  I had tried two other forms of birth control in the past, the first being Yaz which was the WORST thing ever.  I swore off birth control for years thinking my body just couldn 't handle it.  I recently went back to my OBGYN just to see if there were ANY other last resort options for pills. She recomended Lyza becuase its low hormones, and I was hesitant at first but gave it a go. I have been on Lyza for almost a month now, I have had almost no spotting, no mood swings, no headaches, no troubles with blood clots/wheezing, nothing like my other experiences!  Thank you Lyza!!! You literally saved the day, and hopefully everything continues to be awesome!
Broke every bone in left foot crushed ! knee injuries left knee replaced last yr shoulder this yr it sucks getting old but nuycynta is a god sent miracle i wish ins would cover the regular not the time release i slept much better on regular for 2 yrs oh well rules
Took about a year to stop having light constant periods, after that it has been great for me.
It was a very effective drug, however, the side effects listed made it a bit scary to take, but it all worked out in the end.
Suboxone got me off of the Norco, 10mg 6-8 a day. Now I take a half of a Suboxone in the morning and half around lunch. I 've had zero side effects. This medicine is a miracle for me, I 'm back to my old self and able to do things I thought I 'd never be able to do again. I now coach my daughters fast pitch softball, Archery, and the outdoors, pain free. I know that this medication was not designed to provide &quot;pain relief&quot; but that is the best part about it.
I 'm participating in a research trial where you take 4 Malarone tablets a day for 3 consecutive days prior to your trip which theoretically covers you for Malaria (I hope) - this is all being monitored by a doctor. I read these reviews trying to see what sort of side effects I 'd experience due to my large dose and I was ready for the worst, then...... Nothing. I took 4 tablets in one go - and nothing. I can only assume this affects different people in different ways but I 'd recommend eating the fattiest food you can find prior to taking the pills because I think that saved me (I ate a McDonald 's quarter pounder).
Simply the best. Doesn 't build up in the body, works quickly. Unfortunately, increasingly difficult to source.I don 't want to trade in one-a-day convenience for side effects, longer retention in my body, and less effective function.
I have had no side effects with Bystolic @ 5 mg dosage......
I 've had MDD since I was 10 yrs old and now I 'm 35, this has been the best med I 've found yet! And it doesn 't take a month to get in your system. It 's the BEST!!!!!
This is a better cold and cough medicine combination than the others. I have been using it for about 5 years, but only when I get a cold and once in awhile. Also for shortness of breath since a cold triggers my very low grade asthma/bronchitis symptoms. Ask your doctor before taking this medicine.
Dr. gave me a script of this because the first one is free from the maker. Works just fine.
I suffer from anxiety attacks and I am 22mg diazepam now my doctor now wants me of them altogether and put me on antidepressants which I have said no to I do not think he liked
Suboxone really is a magic pill. It got me of Oxycontin and MS Contin. I was taking 5 or more MS Contins a day(500+ mg Morphine) before I was switched to suboxone. It took care of the strong cravings, but like everyone says YOU have to want to stop for it to work.
What I do is when I feel an gout attack coming on I will take the indomethacin 2 pills and a third the next  day.  I use them only in an acute attack and a  script last me years. The key is when you get an attack you drink lots of water. I mean so much water that you are getting up to go pee every 5 min what you are doing is flushing the toxin out your system, the acid has to go. What usually triggers an attack? Crayfish or beer pretty much guarantees I can be laid up when I eat that. I have gotten into an exercise routine 30 min a day treadmill I never miss and I always take my vitamins and gout maintenance Allopurinol.An attack can come on in a matter of minutes with very little warning. I will be up the next day if I get the med
I started Celexa 20mg about 2 months ago for generalized anxiety disorder and depression. I was on Effexor a few years ago but it made me nauseous and I had ZERO sex drive. Since I started the Celexa my anxiety has been greatly reduced. Although I still do struggle with it sometimes, it has made a big difference. I came off it for just a few days earlier this month because I ran out, and I saw how much it had been doing because my full anxiety came rushing back, but I started it right back up. I am going to start the 30mg and hope that really helps control the anxiety fully. The only side effect I had was decreased sex drive and difficulty having an orgasm but that only lasted one week, and then my sex drive became completely normal again.
I 've had perfect skin until I started to balance out school, work and bills. I broke out horribly in my chin and nothing I tried seemed to help. I tried Dr. Murad, Skin ID, Mary Kay, over the counter medication and NOTHING helped. I have a small face so the acne would be very noticeable all around my chin area.  I went to the dermatologist and he prescribed a combination of Doryx, Aczone and Vetlin. I 've been on it for about a month an a half and I love this! My face has cleared up tremendously to the point that people are noticing my skin again! I 'm down to just 3 pimples on my chin/cheek right now.  This product works when used PROPERLY. You should also apply a good moisturizer like Neutragena with dark spot reduction!
I am on my 3rd week of Trulicity.I was really apprehensive after the first dose, and I waited for the awful symptoms to kick in.I was looking after my diet and exercising. After 4 days, I kinda over ate and also had some ice cream. That 's when the nausea and diarrhea kicked in. Stomach and nausea settled back to normal in a day or so.To avoid these symptoms, its really important to avoid diary and eat very small meals.My numbers have shown a dramatic improvement.I 've lost 11 pounds so far, but that because I have dieted and exercised along-with the Trulicity.Good luck everybody
Literally just got Skyla implanted today. Do it on your period and take max. dosage of painkillers an hour ahead. I 'm 20- no kids. It hurt a lot but its like a bad cramp. Still getting used to it but the best part is that you can get this removed whenever!
I didn 't realize how bad my anxiety was until I started taking citalopram (and found relief).  I had never taken any antidepressant and I started off with a TINY amount..5 mg in the morning for the first three days.  I got a bad headache, which went away after a couple of days.  I then increased to 10mg... then 20.  I ended up at 40mg daily and have been on that for a little over a year.  I am currently in the process of decreasing my dose.  I dropped down to 30 mg  for two weeks and I am noticing my irritation and anxiety increasing.  My goal had been to get to 20mg but I am not sure I 'll be able to do that, due to the increased feelings of anxiety.  All in all I have found this medicine to be a HUGE help with very few side effects.
F-Age 60. I have taken Buspar for 20 years, starting in 1992, age 40. I would go off for 3 yrs after being on for 3 yrs. I had horrible relapse of anxiety, would have to go back on. Now I have been on for 6 years without stopping at 5mg 3-times a day. I love Buspar and plan to stay on for life without stopping. I have done things that I could never do without the Buspar, like hiking the grand canyon at age 58, just driving there would have given me panic, and even day to day stress. I will take my chances with long term, better than feeling sick daily, not being able to eat, sleep or leave the house, no way to live. Side effects for me slight dizziness. 
I felt it necessary to leave a review because of how well this medication has worked for me.However, I have been quite seriously bipolar (with panic disorder) for over 30 years. As you can imagine I have been on many medications. About two years ago nearly everything had gone wrong in my life - including being homeless and drinking far too much. I pulled out of that with the help of Seroquel. But I was still having really really bad times. Then I met someone who suggested this medication.Well it was not instant but slowly I started becoming &quot;normal&quot;. Normal to me is wonderful. Now I hardly drink.. Why - because I drank to cure myself.. I actually wake up and look forward to the day. I feel young again!
First Post: I got contrave from my NP a month ago with the scale down program. Took me two weeks to even try it because I was so afraid of nausea. I am sensitive to nausea. Week one was fine, no side effects to speak of. Week two I have felt a twinge of nausea when I take the second pill at night. No biggie. This is my first diet medication of any kind and I am skeptical but I admit I may feel less cravings. Maybe fuller faster. Starting weight 321. Wk 2 I am down to 309.
I 'm starting my diet on 1/19/15, so excited.. I 'll report back in 1month with my results.. Thank you for your reviews..
Honestly, it 's not so bad - not my favorite thing to drink, especially in such a large quantity, but if you just chug it down 8 oz at a time, it 's doable. It does work as advertised - I was on the toilet within an hour. If this is what it takes to be checked out (colonoscopy), it 's worth it to make it easier for the doctor to see what he 's looking at. Good luck!
I have been on This medication in clinical studies, guinea pig, for over a year.  My psoriosis was very extreme ! This medication was concocted in heaven!  Thanks Lily!!!!
This medication is magic. The first few times you take it (if you take it before bed, I usually do because that 's when a majority of my panic attacks occur), then you might wake up feeling zombie-ish for a few times in the beginning. For me, that side effect passed. Now, it 's amazing for me. My best friend was on Xanax and she said it would just knock her out and by the time she woke up, it would be worn off and she would then panic all over again. Klonopin has not been like that for me because it has a longer half life, which means it stays in your system in effect for a longer period of time. I will say this - be careful. Honestly, I took 1/2 of a .5mg pill for a while and it did me well. Be safe with your usage and you 'll love it.
I 've been using the nuva ring for years . It 's easy to use , colorless , odorless, you can 't feel it when it 's inside of you , neither can you feel it during sex. Your partner however may feel it . Some say they don 't like it , some say it makes the sex feel even greater . But overall, I love the nuva ring . It is excellent on plus size women. I 'm 5 '6 weighing 367 pounds. And I 've never got pregnant on the nuva ring. My husband and I do not use condoms , and I 've never gotten pregnant while ring was in use . This is excellent for those women who can 't remember to take a pill on time . Or don 't wanna do IUD, or Depo. This was the best option for me. Thank you.
I 'm a first time user of Lutera and never took any type of birth control in my life, so far I 'm on the 4th week of using it and experienced terrible migraine/headache for 2 days which made me skip a pill. I managed to get back on track but have not had any other side effects. I 'm really just taking it to help my hair grow, it has grown by a couple of inches. Yes! I have fuller breasts and nice facial skin as well. I have also been able to maintain a well-shaped body with daily exercise (no hunger attacks). 
Had my first injection of Lupron 7.5 mg in July; second injection at the same dosage is set for August 21. So far no hot flashes or side effects. Have been taking Casodex simultaneously (30-day supply) which will end shortly. Only side effect from that initially was fatigue, which resolved after 5 days. Decided to insist on 1-month Lupron injections instead of a 3-6 month extended dose as PC support group participants on the once-a-month dose had far fewer side effects. I 'm sticking to my guns on this one; MD tried to give me a 6-month dose right off the bat. I 'm switching MDs and glad I did it this way. Hope this helps others.
I have really oily skin and would get the big cyst pimples all over my face since I was 12 years old. I was prescribed Accutane when I was 16 years old by my dermatologist. I noticed results after a month of taking it. I took Accutane for 6 months and my skin cleared up beautifully with no scars. I did get depressed, really moody, had some stomach aches and really dry lips. But 2 years later my acne came back with a vengeance! My skin did calm down after a couple of months but than once again it came back badly and now I have really bad scarring. I 'm 21 years old now and I 'm thinking about going on another round of Accutane because nothing else works for me.
I 'm 51, been having seizures since I was 12. Carbatrol and Depakote are what I 'm taking now for about 20 years. These are the only medications that seem to work for me, I 've been considered controlled, I drive, the best thing that happen to me. Only thing they are just so expensive.
I went to see my doctor about inflammation to my throat and a slight bit of congestion in the mornings. He prescribed Nasonex. What a relief. Although my symptoms are probably slight compared to most others, this product was easy to use and effective without the harsh chemical feel or taste associated with other nasal medications. Instead of two sprays per nostril, I have elected to use just one spray in each nostril and found my symptoms relieved.If your opinion of nasal sprays are anything like mine used to be, give Nasonex a try for your seasonal allergies.
I have severe ADHD . For a while I didn 't know what was wrong with me, constantly day dreaming,lazy, unorganized, acting impulsively and very hyper. The medicine has changed my life. All these symptoms are gone except I 'm still a bit hyper and impulsive but only slightly. It does exactly what it says on the tin and changed my life dramatically. I could actually focus. Bad things would be if you are sensitive to stimulants like coffee. It will make you jittery, it gives you a slight mood and energy boost. I 'd recommend taking it in small doses first. 
I 've tried about 5 different birth controls over the past two years, I started with Yasmin and even tried Lo-Seasonique. I had side effects ranging from extreme hormonal emotions, weight gain and migraines. Since starting this pill almost a year ago I have had absolutely NO negative side-effects and I would recommend this to anyone looking for a birth control that 's not only reliable but doesn 't effect your weight or your emotions.
Clobex is in shampoo form. I use that weekly. Need 2 tsp. Lathers up really well. I leave the shampoo on for a few hours then rinse. This is a great maintenance first me between the spray applications- I apply the spray on wet hair/scalp so it stretches the product more bc it 's expensive.
I have been using Restasis for about 4 months and really have noticed a huge improvement. It doesn 't burn at all. 
Have been using for the past 3 years or so and is truly a wonder medicine. Clears up any acne, and I have a routine where I put it on before bed each night. Once you find your &quot;perfect&quot; amount of gel to apply, you 'll find your face to be pimple free and soft. Don 't worry about dryness, that only occurs if you apply way too much medicine. Seriously would recommend this to anyone who struggles with acne, and that I can guarantee you 'll love it and stick with it, just like I have!
I started getting migraines when I was 20 years old and now I 'm 23 and get 6  a month.  I tried numerous medications such as fiorcet, maxalt, topamax, etc. When my doctor prescribed me treximet I assumed it wouldn 't work like all the others I tried.  I got a horrible migraine and took a treximet and was relieved about 30 minutes later.  I was so happy I started crying.  I never thought I would find something to work and it was such a relief to know I won 't have to suffer my whole life anymore.
I have been citalopram for over a year from a recent breakdown. I have been on in the past for PND and it works for me. I have dropped my dose to 5mg every second to third day, but with Christmas coming up I increased my dose to 5mg a day, but I forgot about the side effects as my anixety is 100% I know it will pass but it 's hard to keep the self talk going.
I had my first colonoscopy yesterday and was really anxious about the sedation.  I 've had conscious sedation before and was ALWAYS aware of the procedure being performed.  Not so with Propofol.  I was out in about 5 seconds.  Next thing I knew, I was in recovery.  I felt pretty stoned for an hour or so afterwards, but it wasn 't unpleasant!
So my bf was drunk and accidently came a little inside. He told me that 8 or 10hrs later, cause he recalled. I was so afraid and no, when they 're drunk do not trust them. So we initially wanted to grab Plan B, but the clerk offered Aftera which is $10 cheaper. I was hesistant and wanted Plan B cause it has always worked for me in the past. But my bf wanted the cheaper one, the clerk said they both work the same way. After I took the pill, I had headaches and I was very stress that I would become pregnant. But I felt those we 're just the side effects. I was in total disbelief that it 'll work cause it looked skeptical. My period came after 5 days of patience, this stuff actually works! Saved $ too! My suggestion is take it ASAP, it 'll work!
I had had the skyla inserted since October 28, 2015. I must say that this birth control is the best. I recently was on the depo shot, which made me crazy. I feel like I am now coming back to myself. Goodbye bloated belly and water weight.
After being on an obscene amount of prednisone without working, I switched GI 's and he prescribed me Salofalk.   When I know a flare is coming, I can take a few salofalks over the course of a few days and things usually clear up.  Was a life saver!
Excellent medicine....don 't hesitate.
I 'm 19 and have been with my boyfriend since I was 15. I have no kids and the pill  I started  to forget and the hormones just are out of control.I 've had this in for 3 weeks now.  The worse part for me was putting it in. I felt a lot of pressure and discomfort. I had cramping after and all the next day. I bleed for 10 days then it stopped.  I just took pain meds before and after. I would recommend it.On another note if your man is a big he can feel it a little bit inside of you, but doesn 't hurt him just a different feeling. And wait like 2 weeks to have sex
Im 28 yr old male. I was always depressed everyday and hating everything in the world. My girlfriend forced me to get help so the doctor put me on Lexapro 10 mg. This is my third day on it. I have to say I feel better. The only side effects I am having is stomach pains, sweating and feeling very tired. But I am feeling more positive about things now. I am just shocked how fast it has helped me. The only put back about this pill is and not be able to orgasm. I would recommend this pill to anybody that is depressed all the time. 
*Update #3 or 4 lol.. I 've been on Saxenda 2.4 current dose, I have lost a total of 28lb in 2.5 months! I am having some gut issues now, constipation, DO NOT eat sweets , I get very sick when I eat anything like a bite of a brownie or a York paddy, body won 't tolerate the sugar, which for me is GREAT. I started at 208, I am now 184, average loss of 2 lbs a week. I 'm super happy with this medicine. I do feel as I 've hit a plateau,  so I need NOT drink wine or diet sodas, when I drink only water and some milk , I drop about 3 lbs a week.
I felt compelled to compose this review as I have been through 33 years of HELL.Like many of you I was labelled as just depressed or anxious - nothing worked, CBT went over my head, SSRIs were ineffective etc.I went on second line SNRI treatment and all hell broke loose! Cycling within minutes literally wanting to tear my own limbs off from frustration then the next minute obsessing over meaningless rubbish.I had had enough of the NHS and my job was on hold having been off a considerable amount of time.I decided to get a private psychiatrist and it was the best money I ever spent.I fit the bipolar 2 spectrum to a millimetre of its criteria - now I knew that I wasn 't insane. Lamictal has saved me from suicide literally!
I got the shot at night and saw no results that night, but I could tell a drastic difference in the morning as far as the infection goes (pain was not changed).
I started Ampyra five weeks ago. The first full day I was miserable with nausea but over the next few days the nausea lessened. Three weeks into taking it I realized that I wasn 't tripping anymore and my right leg footdrop was all but gone. Now I 'm trying to strengthen my leg muscles and walking on the treadmill and riding the exercise bike everyday. I 've had RRMS for 17 years. Four years ago I was easily walking three miles a day without any problems, but over those last few years I was weakening, tripping, falling. I couldn 't even walk a half mile. I was in a leg brace and using a cane frequently. Just seeing a set of stairs I was going to have to climb put me &quot;over the edge&quot;. Now I 'm going up the stairs and starting to walk much better.
I have had a very positive experience over the last almost 5 years. I am 26 with NO children. Yes the insertion is uncomfortable, but only for a minute or so, just a couple of cramps.  My doctor gave me Misoprostol (softens the cervix) to take the night before and morning of the insert. I also started ibuprofen 600 mg every 6 hours starting the day before. I had minimal spotting and cramping after. And for the last almost 5 years I have very little cramping, no periods, no mood swings and pain with intercourse only 2 or 3 times. I plan on getting another one and recommend Mirena to everyone!
Been taking promethazine 10mg for years now to get rid of motion sickness. I can&rsquo;t travel on public transport. ButThen I noticed after running out of my prescription that there was 25mg Phenergan you could buy at the chemist with 56 tablets. SoI saw you could take them to help you sleep so I started taking them with my zoplicone sleeping tablets which didn&rsquo;t really work (shouldn 't be taken together).  The usual dose for sleeping in 25mg to 50mg night but I have been taking more than that (which is dangereous)   . Some advice would be very much appreciated
I just experienced my first Synvisc injection yesterday. It was my first time with Synvisc after previously having a cortisone injection in my right knee. The cortisone offered no relief at all, plus I experienced redness in my face and agitation to the point that I couldn 't sleep for two days. My initial apprehension with the Synvisc shot was over how the actual shot would feel. Bravery is not my strong point!. I have not had enough time to evaluate how well it works yet but I can already feel an improvement. They drained a lot of fluid from my knee beforehand which I hear helps it work. The actual procedure and shot was virtually painless. The P.A. took his time and honestly, I didn 't even feel a little pinch. I was very very pleased.
Before I begin I want to explain that I am 18 and I have NEVER had unprotected sex (until this time) and never used a contraception pill. I had unprotected sex on August 29 and again on August 30, he did not cum in me but I was very scared about precum and skeptical whether or not he might of pulled out on time and some of it might of gotten in me. He told me he was 80% sure he didn 't, but that wasn 't enough for me. On August 30, I took Aftera about 3hrs after having intercouse. The symptoms were crazy, I had cramps, dizziness, nausea and I began spotting which scared the heck out of me about 3 days before I got my period. But I got my period on Sep 18 on time!
All my life I have been lucky enough to have near perfect skin, however after starting university it all turned terrible. I had large pimples along my jawline mostly but also all over my face that were very painful under the skin which came to a pussy head (cute I know). I broke out more then I had ever in my life I went to the Dr and I was prescribed Doxycycline for 2 weeks it made my skin worse to start off with but after a week and a half it started to clear. Now I have the occasional small whitehead but it seems to have gotten my skin out of its bad phase thank goodness.
It works great for the symptoms of my allergies and hay fever.  It does make me extremely sleepy though.  But, I suppose that is better then having a pounding headache or a sneezing/coughing attack.
I have been using spiriva for about 2 months.  I find my breathing has greatly improved.  I 'm not using my albuterol several times a day anymore, maybe a couple of times a week.  The only thing I have noticed is that I am getting severe muscle cramps in the front of my lower legs.  This happens mostly at night when I go to bed.  Has anyone else noticed this problem?
Prozac really saved my life 6 years ago when I was suffering from major Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and Insomnia related to it. Tried to stop it few times but always had to come back. No sexual side effects even at 40mg/day. Unofortunately it seemed that the medicine had pooped-out on me after 5 years and I currently started taking Paxil.
Recently we made big changes in our lives, which set off such a badanxiety reaction! I have dealt with this on and off for years! I was already on Tramadol for RA and a bad back.I have been on Xanax and was put on other popular anxiety meds, but always noticed how calm my Tramadol made me.I stopped the new meds as they did not do much! If it wasn 't for my Tramadol I don 't know what I would do.I wish doctors would research this so it be subscribed for anxiety!
I 'm reading all these reviews and agree how effective this medicine is in dealing with chronic and cancer pain.  Was on it for 12 years for back and breast cancer pain. 
Has changed my life.  I didn 't know how bad my anxiety was until I got relief from Atarax!!  I don 't even need anywhere near the full dose to relieve my constant building thoughts of what I should be doing or may not be able to do because of my other debilitating illnesses.  I am so grateful!!  I no longer feel constantly wound so tight I might snap!
I have been on Geodon for 3 years now, and I like it better than other bipolar medicines! But the downside is I forget things really easy, and also I can 't remember things from years ago like I should. People tell me things I have no idea what they are talking about. I manic every once in a while, I take 60mg in mornings and 60mg at bedtime. It hasn 't gave me trouble with my heart, and my blood pressure stays great. I hope this helps. I am trying to cope with it without changing medicines.
I am a 49 year old female that has been suffering for 2  years with painful, heavy periods due to fibroids. First 2 days always had to double up with tampon and pad both; My gyn dr. prescribed me Lysteda also known as Tranexamic Acid. Dosage is 2 tablets, 3x a day, for 5 days. It started working immediately, cutting the blood flow by 50-80%. I no longer had to double up protection and I can now sleep through the night. I still had some cramping on the 2nd day, but OTC pain relief helped that.  Side effects: 1 hr after taking the pills, light headed/slightly dizzy; minor headaches (nothing unmanageable). I found the pills to be too large to swallow, so had to cut them in half or thirds. Overall I love this medication, it has given me my life back.
I had horrible sinus pressure headaches 3-4 days a week. It got to where OTC medication would only work for 3-4 hours then the pressure would be back. I went to an ENT who said I had rhinitis and gave me a prescription for Dymista and sent me for allergy testing. Came back I was allergic to a lot of things. The 1st week on dymista, I had 2 headaches. By the end of the 1st month, I had not had a headache in 2 weeks. I missed 6 weeks in, and the headache came back. I won 't do that again!!! This medicine has been a huge game changer for me. A lot of reviewers talk about the taste. You need to shake the bottle lightly before using, and make sure and look at your toes with your head slightly bent down. Then the spray won 't go down your throat.
Have been on the shot for 2 year 's now it helped me recover from alcohol but I also found it helps my major anxiety and sleep I don 't think they have done enough studies on it to see what else it can help whit
TriNessa was a miracle worker! It helped my periods, my breakouts, and caused me NO weight gain!! I would definitely recommend to anybody.
I have been using quasense since 2011 due to heavy periods my Urogynecologist thought it would be a good idea to switch to this birth control. I have noticed after a year I stopped getting periods despite taking that week off each month, but I was told this is normal. I am happy not to have really painful periods &amp; don 't have any complaints.
This is an amazing drug that doesn 't have the same problems for which narcotic meds are known.
Magnesium Citrate is the nuclear option. If this stuff doesn 't work, you ought to think about going to E.R.  Only use this when you can stay home for about 12 hours. I drink 1 ten ounce bottle and about 16 ounces of water. If it doesn 't kick in after four hours I 'll drink another half bottle and drink more water. The more water you drink, the better and sooner it will work. Plan on multiple trips to the toilet and when you 're sure there couldn 't possibly be any more, stay put for another hour. Also, and this is important, once you drink it, don 't trust a fart!!!
I fell off my longboard and made quite idiotic dressing decisions.  After 3 days I saw a doctor who prescribed this and silver sulfadiazine.  After 10 days it completely healed. Unfortunately I have had another tumble, this time with broken wrist and 10 open wounds. On it again. Trusting old Keflex to help again.
I just got skyla inserted. All I felt was medium, period- like cramps. To everyone thinking about skyla, don 't be nervous.
I was prescribed 37.5mg due to weight gain caused by being on Prozac for 6 months. I gained about 30lbs. 160-190. I had been working out and dieting regularly and saw no change in my weight. And I was ALWAYS hungry. I 've been on the medication for a few days now, and within 30 minutes of taking my first dose, my appetite was gone. I haven 't felt hungry since starting the medication. I have no urges to binge or endulge in any foods whatsoever for the first time in months. I 've also lost 2lbs in just a few days. Will check in after a few weeks for progress.
Hello all! I never do these things but I wanted to share my experience with everyone. In 2013 I was diagnosed with plaque psoriasis :/ ointments helped at first but eventually my condition became worse. My self confidence was at an all time low, I couldn 't go outside without feeling embarrassed. My doctor recommended Humira.  I have been on Humira for about 5 months now. I saw results in the first week. I was almost completely clear, I couldn 't believe it. As time went on, my condition started improving day by day. Today IM COMPLETEY CLEAR!!!!!!!!!! I can 't express my gratitude towards this medication enough. I haven 't had any side effects in the five months I 've been on it (knock on wood). I feel great and look great once again! DO IT!
I had extreme fatigue with back pain, headache and nausea for 3-4 weeks.  I couldn 't sleep but was tired all the time.  After 2-3 days taking the 6 day Dosepak I felt 80% better.  I was still a little fatigued and my back still hurt some but I truly felt 80% better.  I am starting day 4 tomorrow and hope to continue on this path as life has been absolutely miserable the last few weeks.
I 've tried many medications for Fibromyalgia. Most of which made me tired and lethargic all the time. They also made me sick constantly! Ever since I started taking the Savella, I 've felt much better on a day to day basis. The Savella doesn 't help with all the symptoms, but it takes away a lot of the burning feeling/sensation and also helps with the anxiety and depression as well. I wouldn 't trade it for anything else!
I started this birth control in February 2012. The numbing stuff hurt just like a normal shot, but after that I could just feel her touching my arm nothing else. For about a week later my arm was bruised and slightly sore when I lifted things, but nothing bad. My arm is fine now, just a tiny scar and of course you can feel the tiny implant in your arm when touched. I think its awesome! I had spotting for a few days the very next month, but I haven 't had any bleeding or spotting since them. I have gained maybe five pounds since starting this, but also haven 't been keeping up on working out or eating healthy so who knows which it 's from. No mood swings or loss in sex drive. Everything is great and its awesome to not have any pregnancy worries.
I started metaprolol 12.5 mg once a day 6 weeks ago after having an electrical cardioconversion for a rapid, irregular heartbeat. I take blood pressure and pulse 2times/ day and it is averaging 107/71, pulse 63- working well. It took me a good 4 weeks to adapt to the tough side effects though. I felt very tired to the point of falling asleep during the day, was worn out if I walked to far or even stood too long, felt lightheadedness, nauseated, was afraid to drive. I 'm glad I stuck it out, the side effects finally abated. Hang in there, the bad side effects can go away. For the record I 'm a 69 year old woman, 5`4&quot; 128 lbs. I take the pill at night.
This is a quality product.
I have been on Gianvi for 8 months now. At first I was an emotional wreck, like almost all the reviews on here, but after your body gets used to the added hormone it does go away. It took about 3 months for the acne to go away also. After about the 3 month mark Gianvi was perfect for me. I have no bloating when my period starts, my period is perfectly on schedule, less cramping and bleeding than before, no more migraines, and no mood swings. Its almost like I 'm not even on my period anymore. But, as someone said before, you have to try it to know if it 'll work for you.
I have used this medicine on several occasions for nausea and it works great also calms the nerves. Never got a headache or other side effects.
My mother has Alzheimer 's Disease and lately she started crying and getting aggressive. This medication has controlled her behavior and her emotions 100%. Thank you very much.
This is the only one that works for me and it really does work half an hour after taking it.  This is important for me as our trips out in our boat are very spur of the moment.  Sadly I can no longer get this is the UK.
I had very bad acne and  the Doctor prescribed me some duac. Within days I could see results and within a few weeks it had all cleared up. It changed my life I now feel so much better about myself
I love my Nuvaring! I just stick it in for three weeks and forget it 's even there. The first few months I was constantly checking to make sure it was still there because I couldn 't feel it. I don 't recommend doing this because touching it can make it shift around and cause you to feel its presence. I was on Yaz before and it was a huge pain having to take a pill everyday because if I took it a few hours too early or late, I got my period twice a month. With Nuvaring, my periods are much shorter and lighter than ever before.However, everybody is different so what works for me may or may not work for you. The only thing you can do is give it a try and see how you like it.
Although the insertion was excruciatingly painful (Keep in mind I have a super sensitive cervix i.e even pap smears are uncomfortable) I loved my Mirena and I had it in for 3 years. After the first 6 months I didn 't have my period at all, at first that made me nervous and I thought I was pregnant (I wasn 't) but after I got used to it, not having a period was amazing. The only reason I had to take it out is because I have never had kids so my Mirena slipped out of place and was causing some mild discomfort. Overall I loved it and if I wasn 't so traumatized from the first insertion I would get it again!
I 'm a 30yo male and I recently picked up a painful candida infection. Ironically, this was worsened by the doctor prescribing me antibiotics in the initial belief that it must be a bacterial STI. Men can and do get thrush! Anyway, this med eased the burning immediately and cleared it up entirely after 7 days.
An update from my post in April 2013.  I have been on Stribild for over two years now.  I have been undetectable since (two months after starting).  I have had no side effects and it 's easy to take.  I take it every morning with breakfast (that works for me).  Stribild is great, I have no complaints.  Gilead copay assistance makes my copay free; so that 's fantastic as well.  It 's devastating to find out the news you 're HIV positive but it 's great to know there 's medicines like Stribild to make that situation manageable.
Our baby girl had eczema and the normal oat bath &amp; moisturizing routine was not helping. We had to see a Pediatric Dermatologist who prescribed EpiCream for regular use and Hydrocortisone cream for the more stubborn instances. We were honestly sceptical about using EpiCream and did not think this overpriced product will help, but nevertheless gave it a try. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the product worked very well for our baby and the eczema almost disappeared within 48 hours of usage. I have to agree with the reviewer earlier who mentioned that the cream creates more of a stinging sensation for the baby than a tingling sensation as mentioned by the manufacturers. Happy to be proven wrong in this instance.
I 've been on Belviq since April 9th 2015. I 'm down 20Lbs since then maybe more! This pill has been soo different for me it is teaching me not to pick and snack after I 've had my meals. I really try and watch my carb intake and it 's working. Also weight seems to come off slow and I guess thats a good thing!! Only side effect is coughing but it seems to be getting better!! I love it!!!
I have Multiple Sclerosis and I have chronic back and legs pain along with headaches and I have tried about everything else in the book and nothing seems to work except this. Take 1, 15, 20 minutes later it kicks in and pain is gone for a while (about 5 hours).
I was really surprised to see a post from Joanzie (taken for 10 years or more) November 15, 2016 today when she indicated her pharmacy could no longer get it.  I have taken Desipramine (Generic  is Norpramin) for nearly 10 years now and have no problems getting it Amneal makes 10 mg pills, but I am now switching to 50 mg. LGM Pharma makes it, but I 'm sure there are others.  I have used it since 911, as it really did a number on me.  If I forget to take it, I know it, as I end up in lala land, as my head just feels like it is detached from my body.  As long as I take the drug when prescribed, I 'm steady Eddie!
I went on this to help get a jump start on my weight loss. I have lost 34.2 pounds in 3 months and am so happy with the results. I can really tell that I have lost the weight. I have so much energy than before. I would recommend this to anyone that is seriously overweight. It 's literally saving my life.
This is my 2nd round. I 'm an idiot and started back a year later for the hell of it. This medicine is the best thing you can do if you want to quit. It makes it easy. I 've quit every way you can and this is by far the best route. There 's 2 things- Just make sure you drink a glass of milk with it, and you 're going to have some crazy dreams. But that 's nothing.
Had to take Casodex as part of treatment for Prostate Cancer. Seems to have worked with only minor side effects.
I have been on Keppra for about 15 yrs. I received my Epilepsy from a bad car accident when I was young. I received my first Epileptic Seizure when I was 27 yrs old. I have tried every single seizure med made for the severity of my Grand Mal seizures. I now take 5- 500mg pills plus 3- 100mg caps of Dilantin. That is 300 mg shy of brain surgery. I am at piece w/ myself. I know what I have tried, what worked and what didn 't. My seizures are extreme. I keep my blood level Therapeutic and have fewer seizures so I know it is working. I still get Grand Mal seizures, just not as many. That proves to me it works. That is all I care about, ME!
I found that this medicine helped me more than anything else I have ever tried.
This medication worked well for me! 200 mg and I was rock hard for hours wow. Viagra was weaker for me I don 't know why. I got burned by a topical medicine cream [FDA is a joke and a half] anyway insurance will ONLY sadly pay for 6 pills a month] sick right? very very sick. Anyway this worked better for me than viagra. Reason being is must be genetics that .1% difference in humans does make a huge difference for medical compounds. Also Avanafil is structurally different vastly from Viagra. Nitric Oxide effect is increased  therefore GMP increases thus leading to better erections. Try all PDE 5 inhibitors before you say they won 't work because what may work for one may NOT work for another.
I have ordered this product, the Adipex-P and it really works for me..Thank you so much!
I am actually a physician (weird I know), and always had a problem with anxiety. At one point, it was truly affecting my life. I could cope and work, but like many of us, constantly had the fear of &quot;panicking&quot; or &quot;losing control.&quot; It started to affect my work, so I actually became a patient and asked my doctor for some help. I 've never had trouble dealing with the stress mentally, but the physical symptoms just drove me crazy and made the anxiety worse. I 'd get shaky, warm, uncomfortable, etc., etc. On THE FIRST DAY I took 10mg, my life changed.  Every single negative body symptom I experienced was gone. My confidence came back and honestly, I 'm a better physician because of it. Simply amazing.
Absolutely saved my life. I 've tried numerous drugs over 15 years and this is a miracle. No side effects whatsoever.  I feel better than I ever have in my life
I take it to sleep I love it because I feel rested the next morning and helps my day go smother and helps me fall asleep with out thinking too much. 
I am 19 and in college and have never been pregnant. I stopped taking birth control pills two months ago because I decided I wanted an IUD and I decided to get kyleena because it is a smaller device, lower hormones and lasts 5 years. Insertion was only uncomfortable because of the speculum, the actual insertion of the IUD was a small cramp. I was really afraid about the pain because I 've heard from people that it really hurts and was very happy and surprised that insertion did not hurt with kyleena. I would recommend to everyone! Very happy with my choice thus far.
I have tried many bipolar, mania medicines with none being the right one, however when my doctor prescribed Abilify it helped majorly in my life. I am on a combination of Abilify, Divalproex and Trazadone. All of which work in my favor. It is very comforting to know there is a medicine out there that understands bipolar patients.
I have been on Stribild since April 2013 and started with a 57,500 viral load and 328 cd4.  Within a month my viral load was down to 25!  As of October 2013 the virus is undetectable and my cd4 is up to 585.  The only side effect is occasional loose stool but that 's it--nothing else!  I take the pill every morning with breakfast.  It works great!
I have just recently started taking the birth control Tri- Sprintec. I 'm going for my 3rd week on it and so far I love it. I haven 't had any change of mood, nausea or spotting. I haven 't had any sexual relation yet while I 've been on it so I can 't really say how good it works at keeping me not pregnant. I will be definitly be doing an update. But so far in love love love it.
I have heard all kinds of bad things about Seroquel but to me this medicine has saved my life. I was diagnosed with cyclothymia with racing thoughts and extreme hypo-manic phases followed by intense depression. Not to mention I would get so paranoid sometimes that I couldn 't leave the house. I had tried everything including lithium but then I went to a new doctor. She said I could try Seroquel XR but I probably wouldn 't like feeling sedated. I said sedated? fine! The funny thing is that I have had more energy but it is calm positive energy. I made a huge turn around and life is back on track. I thought I had ADHD as well but now I have great concentration, no anxiety, and can sit still for hours. I highly recommend if your symptoms sound like mine.
I was put on Valium 5 mg. ( generic Diazepam) twice daily for 2 reasons. Severe muscle spasms, and anxiety. It works well for sleeping, and I do not wake up feeling hung over like I was on Robaxin. I am a Nurse 's Aide and Valium can be highly addictive, so I only take it as needed when spasms and anxiety are bad.
So far I like the nuva ring. Although I have been experiencing more frequent bowel movements and trips to the bathroom, I haven 't experienced any significant change yet. I wanted a change from taking pills and I like that I can remove this at anytime. I have not tried this yet with my boyfriend during intercourse so I 'm not sure how that will go. Fingers crossed everything stays fine!
I divide a Zolpidem 10mg tablet into four section with pill silcer.  I disolve one section on my tongue to fall alseep.  If I wake up in a few hours I take another section and disolves it on my tongue.  I usually need to urinte at twice a night and asily fall back to sleep with the small dose  If I wake up and it 's 5 am. I;ll take the last of the four sections I cut.  I 'll wake up again between 6 and 7AM.  I 've never had any side effects from this drug.  I feel well rested and do not need to take a nap during the day.  I 've been taking a for of Ambien for 19 years, I 'm now a senior citizen and my insurance will only pay for 90 days of use a year.  I use Good Rx coupons.
Had the Botox for overactive bladder November 21, 2015. Two days ago had the follow up. Everything went well at the operation, I could void before going home, little bleeding which soon stopped. Having some trouble emptying showing over 200 after voiding.  I 'm going to work on voiding completely. I do not wake up the 6 to 8 times at night now to use the restroom, I may wake once now.  When going anywhere, now I 'm not tied to the need to use the restroom every half hour like before.  My urgency, frequency are more like normal now.  Taking this time to work real hard on keegle 's see in six months if that helps at all. BTW I have secondary progressive multiple sclerosis.  I would highly recommend this procedure.
This has been one of the toughest medications I have ever been on. I 've been on countless numbers of antipsychotics, antidepressants, mood stabilisers... Around 25 medications in total. I was wrongly diagnosed as borderline personality and suffered greatly as a result. Sertraline made everything so much worse for about three weeks: but then, it was like a switch had been pressed in my head. My racing, obsessive thoughts stopped, my constant headaches, insomnia, sweating, worrying, heart pains, vanished. I can think, I can feel and I can, for the first time in a long time, be 100% completely myself without the pain. You don 't get points in this world for suffering and this has improved my life by about 100000000%. Stick with it.
I have had Implanon for 3 years now and I 'm getting it removed in November and I honestly love it just in this last month I 've had heavy periods its was awesome. I love it.
I was hesitant to try this medication because of the negative reviews I was reading. My dermatologist prescribed me two topical creams and an antibiotic. I researched the medications and although I read scary reviews I chose to only use adapalene. I am so glad!! I was so nervous so I made sure to use the smallest amount possible and to only use it every other day on the affected areas. I have been using it for a few weeks now and my skin is all cleared up! I 'm 25 years old and have had mild to moderate break outs since I was a teen. I decided to finally see a dermatologist and I am soooo happy to finally have clear skin!
Helps very much
We switched on the advice of the then new ADHD therapist.  It took longer to &quot;kick in&quot; and build up than other meds we tried but it has been a God send.  His grades are WAY up and he 's not as hot or cold as he used to be.  My only issues are he won 't eat while on it...not even a tiny bite.  Dr is keeping an eye on the weight.  Also, to me, he 's not himself.  I don 't like the flatness because his personality is so big!  At least it wears off!
I have had rosacea for about three years. My face progressively got redder and bumpy as the years have progressed. I have been so frustrated trying metro gel, and various other topical treatments with no results. I 've tried changing my diet as well as not drinking alcohol and avoiding over exerting myself because I would be embarrassed of my face. Soolantra has literally made almost all of my symptoms go away. I have an occasional day where my face will look a tinge red but it 's a 90 percent improvement from what it was. At first it made my face very dry and it almost seemed to make my rosacea worse. After a month things progressively got better. It 's been 4 months and I can honestly say it 's amazing. Dont give up!
I have nothing but great results from these pills, I was put on Amethia when I was 15 for very heavy and extremely painful periods so bad I would live on a heating pad for a week and miss school/work a few days each month) I 've been taking it for 8 years now and have not had any noticeable side effects, no spotting, moodiness, weight gain or acne. My periods are much lighter and shorter, much more manageable. My only complaint is the price, normally my insurance covers it fully but between coverage when my deductible resets I end up paying close to $300 for a 3 month cycle pack.
For some period of time I had a bad cough and diagnosed with chronic bronchitis and prescribed Tussionex - unfortunately there was a very large tumor discovered in my right lung.  I did undergo a painful surgery only to find out the condition was inoperable - I went through chemo and radiation to no avail.  I, however, continued to take Tussionex to cut down on coughing which was painful.  Now one cannot get the liquid which worked for me - I only had to take it once a day, usually in the morning.  I recommend it highly.
Been on almost everything for over 4 years I feel Opana ER an Opana IR take away the pain 25% - 50% more than any other medicine I have taken which means I am feeling good again. I am again able to work, clean and do a lot of the fun stuff I had to stop when I got sick (even mountain biking again!).
Have been on Lexapro for two years now. First weeks were truly horrible and took 6-8 weeks for full effect. But hang in there! My life is finally anxiety free and I enjoy the smallest things. I see now how much place and energy the anxiety took before. Not anymore. No side effects. Take it at night to avoid sexual side effects. (Had them when I took Lex in the morning.)
My experience so far with embrel has been just brilliant! This is comming from someone who at one point had to get lifted out the bath, have someone wash my hair, get me dressed, put my shoes on. I currently taking the 50mg pre filled pen, just about to take my third dose today. The effects so far have been excellent and I have seen a huge improvement in the quality of my life! After 2 weeks of taking embrel I have no stiffness on a morning, I can go a full day without taking ANY pain killers (prior to this I had to take 2, 30mg codeine 4 times a day, followed by 2 500mg naproxen twice a day - just to function!!!) I have seen a big improvement in my hips (stiffness/pain) and the swelling in both of my knees has almost gone!!
I was just prescribed modafinil and I was happy I picked up my prescription on Friday so I had the weekend to try it out. So yup- I woke up and cleaned things I haven 't cleaned in months with incredible focus. I didn 't feel scattered, didn 't lose my train of thought, my attention span was excellent. It almost made me wonder if I had ADHD and never knew it. But anyway, I took 100mg, half a pill at a time. No headache, no nausea, I ran a couple miles and did okay. I was able to feel good and not be tired and even got to play with my kids in the evening- something that never happens because I 'm usually too exhausted to do anything like that. Overall, I 'm feeling a ton better!
My husband has used advair for about 15 yrs, works great. Dr have tried other inhalers but saw no difference, hope we get a generic advair soon.
I was a walking mess, until I got introduce to this miracle pill. I started off with 75 mg. My doctor notice a little difference in my speech and personality in general, so he upgrade to 2 pills of 75 mg. So now I 'm up to 250 mg. a day...I 'm doing very good. .love the ppl. who invented this medicine, btw I 'm taking it with clonazepam 0.5 mg 3 times a day, I also have p.t.s.d, I 'm doing amazingly gr8. Thank you Jesus #Amen God is good. ..Good luck with your struggles. .
Mirena has been the best birth control I 've tried and I 've tried them all! Yes insertion was painful and I did have a decently long time (about 3 months) where I would spot or bleed but after having it for 4 years now, I can honestly say it 's so worth it. I have had no weight or mood changes, period completely stopped after the three month bleeding and ever since I 've nearly forgot about it. My skin has always been oily so I can 't blame it for that and I haven 't experienced cramping, my ex said he could feel it but I think it was just because I had it inserted partway into our relationship and he was paranoid because my current boyfriend says he doesn 't notice anything abnormal. I can 't wait to get my new one!
Started on capsule 30 MG Oct 15th, weight 215, 9 days on phentermine down 11lbs.  This pill works immediately.  The first day I felt energy without feeling jittery, I took it at 9am and now take it at 6am no later than 7am because it can keep you up at night.  If I take it early I am typically fine, if I feel a little wired before bed I just take a 5mg melatonin.  I drink a lot of water anyways so I don 't get dry mouth bad but I did notice if I don 't drink as much I can feel my mouth getting dry. It makes my mood happier, weird but I just have a feel good mood since taking this. Maybe it 's from the energy I feel that I am getting. I have nothing negative to say. It curbs my appetite amazingly, just make sure you do eat, Don 't starve yourself
I have had the IUD in since 2009,  it caused cramps for about 3 days, spotting then was normal. If works by causing your cervix to swell some and copper is a natural birthcontrol.I confirmed with my doctor that the paraguard does not contain nickel before I had it placed.Also you are warned before it 's placement that many experience heavy bleeding and more cramps. In fact my cramps have lessened in the past few years. If your normal cramps keep you in bed, or cause you to buckle avoid IUDs always be open and honest with your doctors and older woman and woman who have had children tend to respond better.
I was prescribed Xanax in 1993 when I started college at age 35. Have Panic Disorder, anxiety disorder and PTSD. Dosage has always been .5-1 mg daily. I 'm completely a different person with it!! No more stuttering, no more panic attacks and running out if class to hide. I 've never had to increase the dose since 1993. I could never gave gotten through 16 years of college without it!!
Started phentermine 15mg 3 weeks ago, female weighing in at 14 stone 3 only 5ft 2! First week lost 7lbs, second week lost 3lbs, 3rd week lost 2lbs so far so good. DEFINITELY think I need a higher dosage now though.
Cleared everything up but felt like I was being stung by bees for almost 2 hours!!!! But worth it!
Didn 't taste great but it worked well with no cramping. Only problem was getting up at 1 AM for the second dose. Plus I was a bit dehydrated even though I drank the recommended water afterwards.
Long history of lack of physical stamina in spite of as much exercise as I could manage.Three doses of Anoro and it all changed. 6 months now and no problem with the medicine. Jost hope it continues.
I got epiduo the summer of 7th grade bc my acne was horrible and nothing seemed to clear it up. I went to the dermatologist and he gave me epiduo and a facial wash. by the time summer was over, I had very clear skin. although it took a while to kick in, as long as you are consistent with it every night you will see results. I also had to use a night cream bc it made my face dry. but I just used an over the counter one and it worked just fine.
After 1 month of using Propecia, I noticed a decrease in the loss of hair after a shower. Now in my 4th month of use, there is a notable difference in the thickness of my hair, and some growth noted!
Amazing stuff. I always had a problem with acne and my skin. No matte what I did the acne never went away. 3 days after using the Tactupump my face is as clear as any super model.  Every zit is gone and my pores are non-existent. If you haven 't tried this stuff yet what are you waiting for? It is pricey but worth every penny!
I would NOT have a life without it! I 've tried everything. Nothing works for me but this! I 've been on it 11 years. I started out with pen injections, then nose spray...pill suits me best! I don 't wish these on anyone! Migraines are horrible.
I developed anxiety attacks, as many do after a Total Thyroidectomy.  I suffered for a year with inadequate thyroid treatment and all the awful things that come with it. Then developed panic/anxiety attacks.  They would last 6 or 7 hours at a time.  I would barely feel better and then I got another. Ativan helped in 15 minutes. I 've been taking it for two months and it has given me back the small part left of my post-thyroid life. Thanks to my thyroidectomy, I will never be well again.  But at least I don 't have panic attacks.
Please don 't be afraid to try this medication. I suffer from overthinking and when I read these reviews, I was afraid of the side effects.I moved into an apartment that I did not know was blowing dust out of the air vents and was sick over a long period of time, developing bouts of wheezing. My lung function was at 70% and finally went to the doctor, who prescribed Symbicort. I put off taking this longer than I should have.I used the 160/4.5 at 2 puffs a day for about a week. I upped it to 4 puffs a day for another week. I closed it out with 2 puffs a day for a few more days.The wheezing and chest tightness are gone. I sleep better. I can get a full breath. I feel like me again. This has saved my life and I had ZERO side effects.
I have only been taking this for a few months, but notice a big difference, I suffered really bad pain during intercourse and this has improved the situation, I also think it has levelled out my menopausal moods.  I will be staying on it.  I am fortunate to live in Scotland where I do not pay for this medication directly, prescriptions are free.
This medicine is great. No side effects. Calms me down. Helps with the racing thoughts at night and to relax and get to sleep. I also had panic attacks, now with Xanax they are gone. I only take 0.5mg at night and as needed when nervous or with social anxiety if I go out. It works wonders. It is sad that many doctors do not want to prescribe it because of stigma of abuse and it really would help many people with anxiety disorders.
The taste of the mochacinno smoothie was very tolerable. Tasted like watered down chocolate milk but with enough flavor. I was to drink 2 450ml bottles. One before bed and one 45 mins before my scheduled ct scan. First dose went down very smoothly but caused alot of gas. Second dose was fine until about half way through where it just wasnt appetizing anymore. Second dose caused some loose stool about 30 minutes after and then evolved into pretty significant diarrhea. Definitely take the whole day off after your scan. Overall not as bad as i though it would be. Definitely drink lots of water for the following 24 hours after your scan.
Been on Adipex for one week and lost 7lbs. I was skeptical at first but after exercising and dieting with no results, what did I have to lose. Doctor suggested we try it for 30 days. I 'm glad I did.  Side effects at least for me include dry mouth; constipation and some sleeplessness. I feel that exercise is a daily must.  After I exercise, I feel normal; the only difference is that I 'm not hungry nor am I interested on the donut by desk or cake down the hall!  Another point, you will not be hungry nor interested in food; however you must remain mindful that your body needs fuel to to keep burning; so I find myself getting satisfaction from just half of a Kind bar (before I could eat 3 at once).
I 've been taking Oratane (off-brand Accutane) for nearly 6 months now. My dosage was 20mg during the first month, and then 40mg for the remainder of my cycle. I 'm a 24 year old male (I was 23 when I began taking the drug) with mild (but irritating) facial acne and moderate acne on my upper back. I found that my acne cleared up towards my second month of treatment. The only side effects I 've encountered are dryness - dry lips being the main one, but easily remedied with chap stick. My skin (particularly on my face) and eyes also occasionally get dry, these can be tackled with moisturizer and eye drops. Aside from that, everything has been smooth sailing.  I recommend accutane to anyone with severe acne, or stubborn acne that won 't go away.
I find Urso has helped me a lot. I do have loose bowels with it sometimes. I also found out if I skip a dose and take two Urso 's at once, that 's when I have a bowel movement problems. I quit doing that. I do know it 's prolonging my life, for this I am thankful.
Great for my son, the only thing that really helps.
I have had Seasonal Affective Disorder for the past two years. I would feel depressed, anxious and even suicidal. However when I learned about this, I started taking them, and it works wonders! I am so happy now! Keep in mind that this may have side effects.... for me I have some trouble sleeping after it and your appetite decreases. For some people the appetite part is good because they need to lose weight but not for me. I am a bit worried because I am already a bit under weight and I don&rsquo;t want to lose any more weight. But I guess I&rsquo;ll see :) Thank you St Johns Wort!!
MS since 2002- 58 year old with poor balance , weak right leg and foot drop, I use brace, rollator and wheelchair. Started Ampyra 6 days ago, the first 3 days or so I was mildly lightheaded and it seemed the neuropathy in my legs was increased, but I was also feeling sensations I haven 't felt in long time! Day 4 I felt a surge of energy and was all over the house. Today day 6th  I was able to walk more than I have in years without crying of exaustion or my legs giving out, legs so much stronger! I am beyond exited that this is all happening so fast and very happy I got brave enough to try Ampyra. And yes around the 11th hour you know when medication is wearing off, so if you start Ampyra carry pills with you :). Good luck!
Works great for me. I take one when an attack starts and they work in minutes.
I have been on Methadone for almost a year now since coming off Oxycodone. It stopped working and the dose could not be raised without hurting my liver because of all the Tylenol in it. I love this medicine and how it is long acting so there are no waiting periods for the pain to subside. I have Chronic pain from Fibromyalgia and Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. My doctor mentioned Methadone I was a bit miffed as it is usually for Heroin addicts. He said it could be taken long term with the least damage to my body which is good because there is no current cure for my illnesses. I don 't like the constipation but other then that it does an excellent job and no more jitters and waiting.
I had terrible symptoms of MVP that landed me in the hospital for 5 days. I started taking this medicine 25 mg a day and my symptoms are so much better. I used to have shortness of breath, palpitations, chest pain, and weakness but it 's so much better now. I only occasionally have some palpitations but nothing like before. Metoprolol works great!
I was scared to take this because of the reviews but I experienced ZERO burning or itching from the medication. I had itching from the yeast infection but not excessive itching that was said in the reviews. Every body reacts to medicines differently so don 't completely write off trying monistat just because of the bad reviews below. I didn 't experience any of that and I felt relief on the second day and now is completely gone. I took it night and tried not to get up a lot until the morning. The ointment also somewhat helped.
This medicine calms my anxiety and helps me fall asleep. It also helps with my depression.
I LOVE THIS. I have had my Implanon since March 2012 and it is great. There will be times that I go for about 2 or 3 months with no period and then get one for 2 weeks. But it doesn 't bother me. I don 't get cramps anymore and I wrestle with my kids and my boyfriend and I never notice the implant at all. No negatives to this! I hope that everyone learns the joy of this!
This was the first method of birth control I ever used. It was the BEST choice I ever made. When I first started using it, I had me period for two weeks, but that was really the ONLY downfall. My periods were on point, no cramps, no acne, no bloating, no lowered libido, no mood swings. Everything was perfect. I did gain weight, 8lbs to be exact, but I do not think it was related. Anyways, this is the only birth control that has worked for me, and I plan to go back on it. (I had to go off it because of insurance issues).
Accutane is the best medicine in the world. I get every side effect known to man and this medicine only gave me the common side effects. The only side effects I got were dry skin (which was a blessing because my skin was extremely oily), dry lips, and toward the last two months my white blood cell count got low. I would recommend this medicine to everyone. As long as you eat right and are somewhat active you should be fine on this medicine. Also, most say depression is a factor but I have a family history of depression and when I was 12-15 (I am currently 18) I suffered from extreme anxiety and I had no emotional issues with this medicine. It is life changing.
I had years of weird problems, no one could ever find anything then in Feb 2017 I couldn 't walk as my joints were so painful, they did tests but came back negative. But was so bad they went ahead and put me on doxy 200mg for 21 days in June and on day 18 things really started to turn around. My sense of taste and smell came back, I started to have energy again, my muscle tingling went away, the pain in my joints started to lessen and most of my other symptoms started to fade.  It took a few months and then they started to level off at about 75% of normal so I just started a 30 day, 200mg. The only side effect I have is rash in groin and underarms towards to end of the run which I hear taking probiotics will help so going to try that.
I 'm 22 and of course no one believes me that I 'm in a lot of pain except my doctor. I went in and told him that I fell down the stairs and was in a car accident a month prior to the visit and the pain in my neck and mid back hasn 't gone away. He took some xrays and told me I was fine but I had scoliosis and my spine was starting to become straight. I 'm on Percocet now and it 's the only way I get through the day.
High anxiety-25mg helped within 45 minutes!
I suffer from PTSD and severe chronic depression. I have been on multiple medications, taking 10-12 pills a day. My doctor recommending celexa for depression as well as my anxiety, and guess what. I am now on 4 pills a day celexa for depression, klonopin for my anxiety attacks, ambien to help me sleep, and prazosin to keep my nightmares at bay. Celexa works for me amazingly, it has calmed me down some and I used to just burst out in tears at the simplest things because they reminded me of my past. Not anymore. Although I have it a 9 and not a 10 because the first couple weeks are rough. I was very VERY lethargic and sleepy and I was still having mood swings which got a little worse. I stuck with it and it changed me.
I 'm a young male 26 years old.  Was a casual smoker for 7 years. Started very young at 16. Became a pack a day smoker for 3  years.  So more than 10 years of smoking.  Other reviewers are spot on about insane irritation/itching when patch is first applied to skin. This lasts for the first 20 minutes.  Do not let this deter you , try not to think about it. I 'm on the 21mg patch.  This is recommended for smokers who smoke at least a pack a day or more. I can honestly say you really have to be determined to stop smoking altogether.  Side note. Was a very heavy cannabis smoker as well, and remarkably the patch has also gotten rid of all cravings for cannabis as well. If you 're serious about kicking this filthy habit this patch works wonders .
I have endometriosis on my bowel and severe IBS. A lifelong emetophobic, the crippling nausea/vomiting/diarrhea that accompany my endometriosis/IBS cause me great anxiety and keep me from living freely. I was first prescribed zofran after surgery on my bowel so I could take pain meds without vomiting. Then I was prescribed oral zofran/ondansentron to manage ongoing nausea. It helps TREMENDOUSLY. If very sick, I may take 8mg to stop the nausea entirely but 4mg usually does the job within 30 min. I also have a prescription for the 4mg Orally Disintegrating Tablets (ODT) version that melt under your tongue. They work FAST. Within 10-15 min. This med is a lifesaver for me. Side effects of bad constipation &amp; headaches are manageable for me.
This was a phenomenal find! I could not function everyday tasks until beginning amitriptyline. I couldn 't even try to upset myself, or feel worried while on amitriptyline. I went from constant unknown fear and breathing difficulty to floating on a cloud without a fear in the world. First few weeks had some challenging side effects. Blackouts, memory loss, numbness in face, lathargic, more sleepy than usual, dry mouth and munchies. All those disappeared after a month or so.Did try to get off it to see how my anxiety could manage on its own. Withdrawals were pretty miserable. Two weeks of headaches, nausea, irritability, and dizziness.Did get back on it when anxiety came back full blown. Slowly increased up to 75mg. Hope it works for you!
In my opinion this medicine has saved my life. It keeps me calm and relaxed. It has been my miracle drug. I never knew life could be this good again. I try not to remember the life I had before taking Xanax.
My GP prescribed Clonidine 25mg twice a day, as I was having so many hot flushes, it was becoming impossible to live a normal life, I 'm 51, and definitely peri-menopausal ! Since taking  clonidine my symptoms have improved 100% ! I might get the odd flush now &amp; again, but nowhere near as bad as they were before, if these work, without me having to take HRT, I 'm very happy.
With Zioptan my intra ocular pressure fell, in one month, from R15 L14, to R12, L11. My ophthalmologist is delighted. He says that, if this result holds, I will be his third patient to experience a dramatic drop. He says that some people -- with hopes that I am one -- seem predisposed by heredity to an excellent response to Zioptan. No side effects.
I recently was on Prednisone for over a week because I could barely breathe (in spite of taking 500mg of Advair 2/day and Maxair several times a day). Towards the end of my steroids I was still breathing very poorly, but then I started taking Singulair and immediately my breathing became absolutely normal with not one hint of wheezing or breathing difficulty.Also, my nasal allergies/sinuses have improved considerably since I started Singulair.On the other hand, I have noticed pain in my ear (possible ear infection) and my mood appears to be a bit more aggressive than it was before taking the Singulair.  Overall, I would highly recommend it.
800 mg helped with my pain. It takes about an hour to work then pain is manageable. I have minimal side effects, a little headachy and slightly tired. I can take this and get relief without feeling drugged.
Been on 10mg trintellex for 9 days after weening off Zoloft 150mg over a monthReally feel much better on trintellex but I have itchy skin and hives. I got hives on one side of face the first day now they move around . Take hydroxizine which has helped someGoing to stop trintellex and start back on Zoloft to see if hives go away per Dr suggestion. Has anyone else gotten hives and do they go away over time. If I knew they would go away I would stick with it a little longer
I am 18 and had my first child 18 months ago. I started Loestrin to prevent pregnancy. I am a week into my second pack. The first 2 weeks I had some nausea and I am still getting bloating and sore breasts but other than that it has been good. My periods were always light and the first period I had while using Loestrin 24 Fe was 3 days of pantyliner, light bleeding and very very mild cramping, which was reassuring but not annoying. I would recommend.
I am a 42 years old woman who is 5 '6 and 242 lbs.  I took Phentermine 37.5 two years ago and lost 30 lbs i(started off at 243 and ended at 213  and went back to 248 over the next 2 years).  At the time I was also on a strict eating plan and I was working out 4x a week. Well since then I had stopped working out because work and grad school was hectic.  Two weeks ago, I decided to change my eating habits, do a cleanse and detox and I have lost 6lbs.  Yesterday, I started my pills again and some cardio on the treadmill.  I WANT OUT OF THE 200s!!!  (even though the charts says a 5 '6 woman should be 118-154 but I can not see myself that small)! I am so ready to take control of my health and my body!!
I 've had this for 7 months now. I got it 8 weeks after I had my baby. The pain getting it inserted was very minor compared to the natural no med labor I had 8 weeks prior. My cycles were longer in the beginning and now I 'm down to three days and wearing panty liners, that 's how light it is. This IUD varies from person to person. I would recommend it to see how it works for you. Plus my insurance paid for it fully.
Seasonale is awesome especially if you have very heavy periods and very bad cramps during menstrual cycle. The only side effects I have had are a few headaches here and there and spotting once in awhile.  (Hardly ever)
I started taking Phentermine just a little over a month ago weighing in at 307. My doctor started me out with half a 37.5 mg pill 2x a day. I immediately felt the medicine start working, the jittery jumping out of your skin feeling and I had a lot of energy the first few days. I sweated profusely and had to have water by my side at all times.  I felt the meds even out and by the 5th day I was asking my doctor to let me take a whole pill once a day. I make sure I take my dose early when I first wake up. So in about 5 weeks I have dropped down to 293. This drug is life changing for me. I should be on disability and I 'm in chronic pain but this medicine has seemed to help me beyond the appetite suppressant. I 'm a 40 year old female with hope!
I had severe hellish, unrelentless depression and did not want to live, I started taking Effexor and it worked the same day. I never thought something could work so well. I have few side effects. My life changed 100%. I am so happy now that the doctor put me on this. People should not be afraid to try anti-depressants.
Absolutely amazing! My partner and I have nasal congestion for weeks but 10 minutes after taking one, we coughed and all of a sudden were clear! I feel like I haven 't used the bottom half of my lungs in weeks. A little bit expensive. 
Works great. No side effects and got my condition under control in 1 month after fighting it for over a year on other medicines.
Today is my first day on suboxone. I have to say this drug is a life saver. I was taking 20-25 tabs/percocets a day for 3 years. I have been wanting to get off them for a long time. After reading all the posts on here I finally got the guts to just go do it. So far I haven 't had any side effects with it and I fell great. If you have a problem I promise this will help you get your life back. I was spending all my paychecks and doing whatever I needed to do to get them. Finally I am done chasing it and it feels great. You wont regret it. Good luck.
I found out in 2003 that I had Hep-C I waited and put it off cause I was scared of those  interferon injections . As my  liver  enzymes rose and I had a bought off medical issues. I contacted a hep clinic in my area and they excepted me for the Harvoni treatment which I took from Apr. 2015/ July 2015 I was on it for 12 weeks cause I also had  cirrhosis. After 5 wks my blood work detected no infection. Then of course after the 12 I was cured and feel great. Never had a side effect or anything from this  miracle drug .  This drug should be available to everyone .
I went straight on Triumeq a couple of months of being diagnosed with HIV :( I started taking them in January it is now March and I am undetectable (yay) I did have a low viral count but still. I haven 't had any bad side effects.  At first I took them in the morning, but thought they were making me feel a bit sick, so to be safe, I switched to taking them at bedtime, since then not a single issue for me, no night terrors, no sickness, nothing. Pop the pill and sleep :) In UK this wasn 't the first drug prescribed by my doctor, but due to other factors it was decided to try Triumeq. It may be worth asking about it and it comes free on the NHS.
Cluster migraines made my life a misery. New doctor, new approach, and with Periactin of 5 x 4mg at night has changed my life. Yes, be careful with the weight gain, and the sleepiness abated after two weeks. Some strange dreams as well.
I started taking phentermine on April 12, 2011 weighing 167lbs.  Today I weight 148lbs and it feels great.  This has definitely been not only life changing but motivational.  I 'm not only more conscious about eating healthy, but also working out.  This combination has allowed me to already lose 19 pounds in about 5 weeks.  20 more to go, lets see how I keep doing.
I 've been on the pill a couple months now and love it. No weight gain, it has cleared up my skin, prevented pregnancy, regulated and lightened my periods. My only compliant is that I have no appetite at all and I 'm constantly thirsty, which is annoying. Other than that, nothing but a positive experience all around and my skin has never looked more flawless!
I have been migraine free for 6 months (previously I had 3-4 migraines per month).  I also lost 25lbs and look great.
I started Gilotrif/Afatinib 7 days ago. I can feel tumor shrinking, I can move now -I use to be so stiffed. I was diagnosed NSCLC Lung Cancer stage 4. My diagnoses is EGFR exon 19 so this meds is perfect for my mutation.After one day on Gilotrif, I had diaarhea. But the doctor gives me Loperamide to counter the side effect. Also - I avoided food - I simpy stay on BRATT 's diet means clean food. So I was able to manage the diaarhea. Well - I got acne rash on my face. That does  not  bother me.The worst side effect is the SORE mouth. I cannot eat nor swallow any liquid. My Oncologist gives prescribed a meds called &quot; Magic mouthwash &amp; Nystatin Oral suspension&quot; .  Hopefully I can manage the sore mouth, then I am a happy user..
When I first began taking Percocet 5/325 for disc protrusion L5-S1 I became very constipated. My doctor prescribed Polyethylene Glycol a powder for oral solution. This is Malox and it has been a God send for me. I am no longer constipated since about 6months ago. Just take it as prescribed and it truly works.
So far so good! Had it put in on Halloween (of all days!) I was just finishing my period at that time, haven 't had another one since. No spotting or anything. I do think I 've been a little crankier as I adjust to the hormones. But I 've had no issues with libido. I did get the expecting bruising and mild soreness for a few days at the insertion site but nothing too crazy. I 'm very happy so far. No complaints. I would definitely recommend it.
I was given this for GAD, 5mg twice daily.  It works great for anxiety and for sleep.  I 'm authorized 15mg daily but normally I take 10 as described above.  Before this I tried lie 20 different medications and they all gave me several side effects until the Doc gave me this one. Mild muscle relaxer which I also need, god for sleep and awake on day time when  need to be awake and alert.  Sure, if I lay back on day time after taking the pill I can easily take a nice nap. ;-)
I was on chateal for about two years until I moved to a different state that didn 't carry it. The best thing about was it cleared my skin completely! I wouldn 't even wash my face for days and I still never got a pimple (I 'm definitely prone to acne). However it did lower my sex drive and make me extremely apathetic. The week before my period I always got aggravated easily too which was odd cause I 'm a very mellow person. No weight gain though! The first month it did make me a little emotional but after that I really didn 't have any emotions (which was the problem). However I really do miss this medication. Now I constantly have acne and the pill I 'm on now makes me spot. Definitely recommend chateal though.
About 8 years ago I was put on the antidepressant Lexapro, only to gain a massive amount of weight between Christmas and Easter.  I was so shocked and it wasn 't until one of my brutally honest acquaintances gave me the  'what the hell happened ' look. My doctor moved me onto phentermine, and while it took a few weeks to kick in, once it did, it was great. But you have to work out also, and drink lots of water. Cravings for fast food and pizza do disappear.  I felt awesome by the end of the summer and was at my lowest weight ever. Now here 's the hard part: life after phentermine.  This loses its effect rapidly. Use it wisely and you 'll be successful.
Valium helped relieve tension and anxiety prior to a endoscopic procedure and a colonoscopy. It caused no side-effects other then a slight amount of drowsiness.
I have been dealing with anxiety and depression off and on most of my life. I have never previously asked for help because I thought it was a sign of weakness.Before I was waking up in tears, I was always angry, sure that everyone was judging me. It completely crippled me. I also was self-medicating with pot and with chocolate and my weight was ballooning.  I finally asked for help and started on a generic lexapro 10 mg - 2 weeks ago and it is like a miracle.I 'm sleeping well, not a tear shed, losing weight, have lost interest in both chocolate and pot. I feel content and happy yet I still feel like me. I wish I had asked for help a long time ago. Life is good!
I was having hand pains a friend put some on my hand,I had no pain for days,I went to my Dr.got a prescription, it works no ordor,it also helps my roto tear,I had a botched surgery, it helps that pain. Thanks to my friend and this company.
I have been off and on Topamax for about 5 years now and I must say that it works better for bipolar mood stabilization than any other one out there. The one thing I love the most about this medicine is that it is helping me lose weight. They need to put in the time to verify that this drug is in fact a mood stabilizer because it certainly does help with bipolar disorder.
I 've been on the Nuvaring for 4 months now. It is effective as a birth control and has cleared up my skin a bit, although I still get a few hormonal cysts a month. It has not affected my mood and it pretty much feels like I 'm not on anything. Most days I wonder if it is even in, but it always is when I check. One side effect is I have lost 15 pounds since I started it.
This medicine saved me.  Starting about the age of 15 I began to experience menstrual cramps for the first time.   It was the very worst pain I had ever felt at that time.  Not content to only hurt in my lower abdomen the pain radiated all the way down the front of my legs to my ankles.  I couldn 't sit still.  All I could do was pace back and forth crying.  I couldn 't find a single pain reliever that worked; we had the usual in the house, aspirin, ibuprofen, even Midol.  Finally my mother became so worried she took me to the doctor.  I thought I was going to have to be on some kind of strong prescription medication.  What does he do, he returns to the room with about 50 samples of Aleve and it has been my miracle drug ever since.
I have depression with anxious disitress.My extremely racing thoughts would typically whip me up into a panicky state, sometimes with outbursts of irrational anger. Seroquel XR works fantastically to ease that racing mind, to a more  'normal 'and useful pace. Side effects are virtually absent: the XR doesn 't floor me like immediate release Seroquel did. I can function and think well. Seroquel XR is a good medicine. It also helps with my depression.
One way to relieve the nausea is to take Brintellix in Peanut or almond butter.  Put the bill directly in the pnut butter. It really helps. If nausea occurs when beginning the med it usually goes away within a couple weeks. Same for increasing the dose.
I have suffered with constipation for most of my life. Nothing helped until Linzess became available. I have a daily bowel motion and feel really good. Only side effect is a little gassiness.
I 'm really surprised at how many people complain about the cap. I bought 2 bottle (because my whole family uses it) and got the tape and red cap off without a hitch. I just followed the picture on the side of the box....any way I love this product. Good luck everyone!
Now I know a lot of women out there are scared. I was terrified that I was ever in the position where I had to buy myself this pill. Long story short, the day after I ended my period, I had sex with my boyfriend and the condom slipped. It was my first month off birth control so I was very nervous. I ended up taking the pill 4-6 hours after the incident. We did a lot of research on it and I experienced a few symptoms within the next couple days such as nausea, a little bit of cramping, and I had an induced period from the pill a week later. It was like a regular period except it last roughly four days(short for me). Then the waiting began. I had nearly forgotten about it until I realized it was a past my normal expected period date. I began to panic, even though off my regular pill my periods are irregular. I read too many message boards about taking plan B and still getting pregnant and I had a lot of cry sessions because the only person I could talk to was my boyfriend. I then realized I hadn 't been counting from the induced period date and having a normal cycle after that period. I was right on the edge of it being seven days past what my new expected date was and I started to panic again. Let me tell you, it was the most welcomed pain in the world when I finally got it eight days past the expected date a month after the induced period. I had bad cramping for a week leading up to it and really painful cramps the day of. I think stress played a huge role in delaying my period also because I was thinking about it every second of every day. My advice is to try to relax, take a deep breathe, and let the medicine do its job. Please try not to put yourself in this position, it is not worth the stress if you aren 't on birth control!
The initial side effects were horrible. I felt exhausted and nauseated all the time. After a month I noticed a dramatic improvement in my mood. I had energy, I was less depressed and anxious. Prior starting Cymbalta had tried two different antidepressants which did not seem to be effective. The decreased libido with cymbalta is worth having my life back.
I was always depressed. Became addicted to painkillers and when kicked it cold turkey my doctor prescribed me 100mg trazodone.  3 weeks in I felt amazing.  Could sleep at night, no more panic attacks and my moods are stable.  Love it!
Was prescribed Sprix for back pain. It worked amazingly!  Took the pain away by day two!  But it must be taken correctly.  Spray to the side away from center of the nose (Septum).  And breathe through your mouth.  The spray is a mist so you don 't need to sniff or snort.  If you snort it, it will just go down your throat and won 't taste good.  If you do this, you won 't get the nasal irritation burn and you will feel excellent and pain free!
I had serious depression. Feel cured with Effexor and on my way to a full life.
I was on Seroqyel for two years and loved it except at the beginning was very sleepy but went away after a few weeks. Very shaky but rather than that was wonderful. I am drug free and loving it today though, easy to go off it too.
My Dr. put me on 25mg to help me sleep and stop unwanted thoughts as a result of marital stress. I was experiencing a knot in my stomach and episodes of weeping.  Since starting this medication, I feel so much happier, rested, relaxed.I had diarrhea for the first 2 days, but it was mild. I am not feeling out of control anymore.I think when my marriage issues are over, I will stop taking it.  This medicine has really come through!
Invokana 100 mg daily  in addition to Metformin took my blood sugar levels way down..never over 150s range. . lost weight without trying. .main side effect was constant urination. .about every hour..great med  other than that
Worked well for my IBS
My Doctor prescribed Seroquel for my insomnia, which I began experiencing during menopause.  The Seroquel, 50 mg works like a charm.  If I take it on an empty stomach, I feel sleepy within 1/2 hour, and sleep very well through the night.  Dreams are more vivid, I agree.  I also agree that I often feel hungry before I fall asleep, after taking Seroquel.  All in all, it has been very helpful.
I just took my first dose of this medication today and already I can walk up and down the stairs of my house, something I have not been able to do for months, due to the swelling in my feet. What a relief!
I 've had acne since I was 12 years old. I used a lot (and I mean a lot) of acne products, even Accutane and Tactuo, and none of them worked for me. I am now 20 years old and after using Benzaclin, my acne completely disappeared!! My face is really smooth now! The only things left are my scars that I 'm working on to remove. :)
My number was 240 with a bad ratio. Now its around 140 with a great ratio.
Most people that are complaining that they got acne using it are most most likely in their first/second month of using it. I 'm almost at my fifth month of taking Microgestin and I rarely break out now. I 've definitely been noticing that my skin looks better. Also, I have been weighing myself and have not gained weight from it. My advice is, just keep on taking it because most symptoms (mainly the acne part) gets worse before it gets better.
I have been on the Depo-Provera shot for a little over a year now and I must say I love it! I did not have to pay a dime out of pocket since my insurance covered it, so it was free. Also, before starting this I took the birth control pill Aviane and I sometimes forgot to take it on time, so that 's the reason why I chose to get on the Depo since you take it every 3 months. The Depo is very effective and is great preventing pregnancy, I barely get periods anymore, and the unwanted hair on my body started going away.  I noticed that my hair grew longer too, but I don 't know if it was because of the Depo shot or not. Other than that I will continue to use this form of birth control and I highly recommend this to other women.
About 2 months on citalopram, starting taking it for headaches and anxiety attacks caused by stress from work, college, and a lot of life changes at once. Wasted a month refusing to take it because I was &quot;too good for medication like this&quot; and because of the horror stories I 'd read. After a couple weeks it helped soooo much, I could have my life back without the constant worry of where and when I would have anxiety attacks. I can finally have relaxing evenings at home. No problems other than slight drowsiness the first few days and a lot of sexual dysfunction the first couple weeks.
Citalopram has been a life saver for me. I 've gone on and off of it over the past 5-6 years, but I 've currently been on it for a year straight and it 's seriously helped me so much. I have awful, debilitating anxiety. Citalopram has really helped. I still have anxiety, but it is so much more manageable and I 'm able to get through the anxiety attacks so much easier and faster than when I 'm not on the medication. The only issue is that it has caused severe TMJ for me. It causes me to grind and clench my teeth really bad. I 'd honestly rather have TMJ than crippling anxiety, though. I 've been on 20 mg for the past year, but was on 40 mg 5 years ago.
Works wonderfully on my skin.
I started taking this after going to the Dr and seeing I was not healthy at all. I 've never been this big in my 30yrs of life. I started  on October 22nd weighing 226 this morning I weighed 210. I didn 't have a lot of side affects. The first few days I felt wired and couldn 't sleep but now I just feel full of energy. I cut out all sweets, soda, and energy drinks. I don 't crave anything like that except a sprite here n there but I 'll take 2 drinks and I 'm done with it. You do have dry mouth at first but it just makes you want to drink water which is good. I absolutely love this and so thankful for because my Dr said if I didn 't get my health back right I would have a stroke or heart attack in 5/10 years. I recommend this 1000% Good luck!!
I have been on Xeloda since October 2011 and haven 't had any of the side effects listed.  I have been able to maintain my appetite and haven 't lost my hair.  Actually, my hair has thinned just a little, gained a little bit more body and is getting lighter.   This has been a very positive experience as far as chemo goes.  I definitely will do Xeloda again (If I have to).  There is a questionable mass on my lung...surgeon says cancer....oncologist no sure...and it is shrinking.  I 'm unsure if it is related to the combination medication I was on or Xeloda.  I will hopefully determine that with this cycle of Xeloda on its own. 
My doctor started me out on 25 mg a day for a week, then 50mg a day after that. The first 3 weeks were not good-- symptoms became somewhat worse. However I had read enough reviews to understand that I need to stick with it. After the 4th week I could tell I was not nearly as anxious and worrisome but still didn 't feel 100%. My doc upped the dosage to 100mg a day and it 's the perfect dose for me. Stay with this drug! It has really helped me! At first I had diarrhea for a few days, but that 's gone. I yawn even when I 'm not tired and catch myself clenching my jaws but I will tolerate that to feel like myself again. Oh, I also had mild depression, which this drug also helped. Hope this helps someone else.
After only 2 applications my skin had a nearly normall appearance and feel.
This drug saved my life.It did not work for the first month and a half but when it did! Amazing results! No anxiety! And I suffered from panic attacks 24/7. Not saying this drug alone will fix all your problems but it helped me so so much! Gave me my excitement for life back
I 've smoked for 19 years and I am amazed as to how well Chantix has worked!  I don 't even want a cigarette.  The only side effect was the dreams and they weren 't crazy just weird and constant, it kind of was funny to tell people about them the next day.  Personally I 'd recommend it!
I got onto Microgestin FE 1/20 and it is my first experience with birth control. Needless to say, I was extremely nervous for starting the pill and was putting it off as long as possible until I couldn 't deal with my AWFUL, EXCRUCIATING period pain anymore. I am 26 years old  and this birth control saved my life. My body is no longer taking a beating every month. I take my pill at 9:30pm which helps me sleep through any sickness that I feel after taking it. I have experienced moodiness (this got better with time), body sensitivity, and dryness during sex (invested in good quality lubricant). I highly recommend this BC and remember that everyone 's body is different. Give it a shot and if you don 't like it you can always CHANGE it!
I am 60 and have ED. I have been taking Cialis and it has turned back the clock for me.  I take 10 mgs and 24hrs later I am ready for action. The effect lasts for 36 hrs. I can make love to my wife for 2 hrs straight and not orgasm. In the meantime my wife has had 3-4 orgasms. After resting a while we go at it again.In all sorts of positions. My wife keeps begging me to orgasm but I can hold on. Finally after a week of making love like this I decide to orgasm which is so intense and long! Both of us are so happy. Cialis rocks .
I have suffered with severe pain from neurofibromatosis. After the first day of taking Lyrica I felt wonderful. A bit sleepy and forgetful. I have not noticed an increase in appetite but I have noticed food tastes better. I am also sleeping harder and it is hard to wake up. After 4 days I am so happy to have found this.
Compared to last year, a feel may grass pollen allergy far less in my airways this year. Before starting Singulair, I could get asthma attacks of just low amounts of grass pollen. Now, my tolerance has greatly improved. The same goes with my eyes. It took some weeks, but now I hardly need eye drops (i.e. Cromolyn) any more. This medicine has truly exceeded my expectations. Side effects were slight itching and drowsiness the first two weeks or so.
I 'm on my 3rd day with Contrave. I noticed some dizziness, hot flashes (which I didn 't know was a side effect). I can 't really tell if my appetite is suppressed since most of my prior overeating has been stress related. So I 'm figuring out the difference between real hunger &amp; stress hunger. I previously took Adipex for 9 months and lost 40lb before it quit working . Then, gained 21lb back when stress levels sky rocketed on my job. They 're still high but I really hope Contrave works. I hoping to lose 30 pounds. Nothing yet but it 's early in the game.
Prozac has saved my life. I was unable to function normally and was very irritable. I have been taking it for 5 months and it is amazing. Other than not feeling hungry and feeling numb to things that formerly made me irate. I have had no bad side effects. I am finally living. Only wish I had the nerve to take it 10 years ago. I missed out on so much due to my severe depression.
I have only been on this pill since Sunday (taken 3 pills so far) but so far it 's great. My acne cleared up after the first night and I feel so much more relaxed and at peace (that might be because I always have a pleasant drowsy feeling which I never heard of happening on a birth control pill). I sleep really well now, my skin looks great and I have no side effects. Only thing is if I don 't take care of myself by sleeping, eating or drinking enough water, I really notice now whereas before I could just ignore it. Besides that this pill has been great so far. Will try to post an update because I 'm not sure how it will be once I get into the other pill colors (or the next few weeks).
I&rsquo;ve been on sprintec for a month now and it&rsquo;s been good. The first week I was a little nauseous and had some headaches but that could be due to stress not the pill. I haven&rsquo;t gained any weight or gotten bigger boobs. My acne isn&rsquo;t too much better but I&rsquo;ll give it more time, got my period so it&rsquo;s doing it&rsquo;s job. No real complaints!!
I have arthritis in most joints, especially in spine, degenerative disc disease &amp; now spondylolisthesis (vertebrae slipping onto next vertebrae -bone against bone. MD just upped my Opana from 10 to 20 mg, 5mg Xanax 3x day to calm me (no change) &amp; switched from Oxy IR 10mg 6-8 hrs to Percocet 7.5 6-8 hrs due to pain increase. What a difference! I feel able to do the things I like/need to do. Advice to anyone taking narcotics -do NOT mix with alcohol-you 'll overdose, don 't take more than directions-you 'll just build tolerance &amp; they won 't work. If your medicine stops working as mine did, don 't take more, tell your Doc, a different combination can change everything!
Wow  this Pill is like a second opportunity after your stuff up !! So I Had sex on February 4 around 9:45am , he finished inside me &amp; I flipped out I was a hot mess , I got the emergency contraceptive like an hour an half later , best take b4 72 hours the earlier the better . So I 'm not going to tell you not to be nervous ok , shit happens .  I was nervous very emotional . I Didn 't know when we 're my ovulation days I don 't keep track . Made me even more nervous. I prayed and just relaxed , less stress the better . For the first week I just got minor cramps , second day after I took it I was very nauseous. Almost hitting the second week I was breaking out and my cramps were more noticeable . Bam exactly a day b4 the second week  ! PERIOD !
Gabapentin gives me a nice sleep with good dreams.  Some dreams are vivid even.  If I do wake up I 'm in a decent to good mood.  200-300mg per night.  Morning fog and grog is not bad at all.  Best sleep aid I know of.  I 've also tried Trazadone which is a bit too heavy and gives poor dream quality.  I 'll stick with gabapentin till I find a better one.  Daytime meds are levothyroxin and concerta.
Vyvanse has been amazing for me. I used to take Adderall, which made me moody, self-conscious, unhappy with myself and life, and far from  my true personality. I now take 70 mg Vyvanse and it has worked miracles. I feel I am my true self but with controlled ADHD symptoms. Now, when I need to concentrate, I am now able to thanks to Vyvanse.
I am 24 years old. Before I started Yasmin, I felt like I was trapped in a 47 year olds body; always tired, moody, angry and never seemed to lose weight. I 've also tried every acne product know. None of them work (not for me anyway) until one day I saw a commercial on television, about &quot;Yasmin&quot;. After talking it over with my doctor he told me to try it and see. WOW! Let me tell you what happen to me. I kid you not, after the 1st week my face was clear, I mean beautiful. I didn 't have to ware any make-up and I lost 10lbs within the first month. And for some strange reason, people don 't call me bipolar anymore. I tell you Yasmin works from inside out. It is GREAT.
I was prescribed 10mg for 2 weeks, then up to 20mg. Originally prescribed for anxiety, I also suffered from severe depression.Within 3 weeks, I could see an improvement. My crying stopped, things were looking better! Been on for 2/3 months now, and I feel amazing! Back to my old self. I love this medication!
Thank goodness for this medication.  I could probably not live a normal life without it.  I have so many fewer panic attacks while on it.  I have tried almost everything.  This is the only one that works for me.  It also helped my father.  He was on it until the day he died.
This medication has been working well for me so far and I 've tried them all. Glad it comes in 2 doses. I figure I can get good results with 3mg why bump up to 6mg. Side effects are nothing compared to others I have tried. I hope I don 't get used to it but my doctor said it 's not addicting.
My family KNOWS if I miss a dose.  If I 'm not around them during the day, then I know by mid afternoon if I 've missed it.  I feel unloved, depressed, yearning to just die.  But we try to keep the dose as low as possible that will still work for me.  When taken regularly, I 'm a  'normal ' person.
I have Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS). It 's a painful condition that keeps me up all night long. I take narcotics (least possible) &amp; other CNS depressants. I have tried everything 4 insomnia &amp; ambien was my fail proof last ditch for 7 years. But ambien stopped working. I was taking 20mg a night. For the 1st time I took Belsomra last night - 10mg (supposedly ineffective dose) &amp; I slept better than I have in years. Lunesta sucks. I 'm really not ok w/taking anti-psychotics/seizures or benzos for sleep as they can affect  your mind later. What 's the point of sleep if you don 't heal? Benzos change REM sleep anyway and your memory fails in 10 y. I slept last night. I 'm grateful for the med. $10 a pill is expensive but worth it. I will keep trying them. Downloaded coupons.
This med is amazing! I 've been on it 3 weeks and lost 30lbs!!!!!!! Never expected that 
Fantastic! Have tried other medicines but this is by far the best for anxiety.
Best medicine, the only treatment that worked on the dots on my arms that I suffered with for years. Just really expensive.
I have been struggling with excessive underarm sweat since I hit puberty. I had tried literally everything and nothing even slightly helped. One day I was at the drug store and spotted drysol, I was a bit reluctant by the price but my desperation decided to give it a shot. Just after a few nights of using the product I saw results. Using drysol has literally been the best decision of my life, I am no longer anxious and embarrassed about my underarms and can wear anything I 'd like!!! Although it did make it hard to sleep at night due to the itchiness and slight burning but I say it 's totally worth it, and eventually I got used to it and it wasn 't so bad. Definitely recommend!!!
I 've been taking Apri for over 6 months. I love it, I got like my period down to an exact date each month. They 're really light and manageable unlike before where it was very heavy and unpredictable. My sex drive I feel is higher but I do get more discharge and my breasts got bigger so 10 for this pill and good price too!
I have had 8 infusions.  They help...I have mild headaches after each one, but a nap fixes that.  No issues.  I DO know that you have to stay in close contact with your doctor, monitor liver function and take care of yourself.
I been on this medicine for 2 1/2 months and have lost 26.5 pounds so far. I can 't eat on this medicine. After a few bites I feel stuffed. It works great for me, and I have tried every thing out in the past 10 years. The only side effects are dry mouth and lower back pain. Well worth the trade-off.
I have tried almost every acid reducer made in the last 20 years and nothing worked until I took prevacid 30mg 2x a day. I has severe stomach pain, cramps, pain under right shoulder.  Thought I was having a heart attack.  One 30mg pill didn 't do it, I still needed antacids.  Another Dr suggested 2x a day.  It worked.  It took about 4 weeks for my symptoms to go away.I could eat anything.  Periodically I 've tried to reduce the amount by slowly reducing the mg, but symptoms always came back.  I 've tried the generic version because my insurance co would cover it at this high dose, but symptoms came back after a few months.  Generic versions are just not the same.
I have Lupus, and it 's compromising my central and peripheral nervous system.  This left me with muscle spasms that were so bad I live in fear of them.  Soma eliminated this problem, but when the DEA told physicians to stop prescribing it, I became a victim of the war on drugs.  I am not a drug addict.  I 'm a hard working American who doesn 't deserve to be treated like this.  All this just happened in the last 6 months.  Soma worked for me and now I can 't obtain it.
I have taking several different medications for reoccurring BV. Clindamycin is the only med I took that worked I took 300mg four times a day 10 days I had no side effects at all. The only problem I did have was the pill is big and was hard to swallow but I took it with applesauce and no issues at all  not only did I have no side effects but it was the only med that worked for me. I would defiantly use this med again. And I felt a huge difference after 1st day I used it
The people who are rating this medication lower than an 8 aren 't taking it properly. This is an amazing medication when taken properly. You really have to take this medication AT YOUR BEDTIME. You cannot take it and then expect to get a good nights sleep while watching tv, going through Facebook on your phone for 2 hours or any other activity like that, you need to take it literally right before you plan to go to bed. Temazepam 22.5mg has worked wonders for my insomnia it has helped me to regain a good nights sleep which I was no longer experiencing anymore.
Carvedilol has caused my heart rate to be in the high 40 's to low 50 's.  But the atrial fibrillation has not returned.
I am a 29 year old male and have had Crohn 's disease for 8 years.  When I was going through college I became very ill and over a two year period of ups and downs lost 100 lbs.  Only due to the grace of God I made it through college with a civil engineering degree.  I was first put on all the typical drugs: Imuran, Pentasa, Asacol, Prednisone, B-12 injections.  I received the Remicade initially only when I had flare ups.  I watched my diet to a T (specific carbohydrate diet), but would still end up flaring up.  For the past 6 years I have been on a maintenance dose of Remicade every 10 weeks and have done very well.  I do have a goal to eventually get off the Remicade.
I was recently diagnosed with gallstones and had to go to the ER yesterday because I couldn 't sleep from the pain and haven 't been able to eat more than 400 cal/day, since eating causes the pain.  They gave me one tablet of Percocet and a prescription for just a few more until I can get into surgery.  I have to say, it is a-maz-ing.  I 've been going through debilitating pain for 2 weeks waiting around for doctors to diagnose me with what I already figured I had and one tablet of 5-325 knocked all that pain right out of me.  Best part is that I was able to eat, take a pill, and even after the pill wore off I both felt like myself AND was pain-free!  I was able to sleep and eat last night and I 'm so SO happy!
Well clearly everyone knows i had sex, it was very much unprotected and also very much my fault. He had came inside me and i took the pill within 3 hours. I was actually very scared because the symptoms plan b on step has and the pregnancy symptoms are almost the same, i was very nauseous and i felt like vomitting most of the time. My breast were sore and tender. I very much felt that i was pregnant. I love kids, but abortion wasnt an option i was so scared. Im only 17, i hoped this would work and i looked at any bad review thinking i may be one of those girls. Im glad to say as of today i am not pregnant! I started my period this morning! Ive never been so happy to start my period. It works just relax and let the time go.
Thank God for whoever made Relpax!  Just wish it was a little more affordable.  With insurance it cost $140 for 12 tabs.  Some side effects, but I don 't care, they are nothing compared to having relief.  Every part of my life has been affected by migraines.  Now, I can live.  The migraine always comes back the next day or late the same night, (because my migraines always last at least 2 days if not 3), even before I started Relpax.  With this I get relief!  Then if I have to, I take it again the 2nd day.  Only use if I really have to but don 't wait too long to start it, takes awhile.  I pray it never stops working for me.
There are no side effects. It works well.
I 'm 24 and have sweat through the armpits of my shirts since puberty. Clinical strength/aluminum chloride products don 't work. Every time I go clothing shopping, I think &quot;will this show my sweat?&quot; Finally, I told my dermatologist what I had tried already to reduce my underarm sweating, and she prescribed Drysol for me. THIS STUFF IS AMAZING. The first day I wore a tight shirt without sweating through it, I almost cried. I am using it every night (not after showering or shaving) with very minimal irritation.To anyone who suffers from hyperhydrosis of the underarms, I say this: thanks to Drysol, I just wore a tight gray long-sleeved shirt to a party. No sweat marks.
Like others I had no intentions of really quitting until I started taking Chantix. I wasn 't going to even set a quit date. By day 9, I smoked one that afternoon (mostly because I truly missed it) and it tasted great but made me nauseated. So day 10 I was done! I am still smoke free on day 19... they still smell good and I think about it from time to time but its not bad enough to make me go buy a pack or bum one. I DID have to half the 1mg because of nausea. The only &quot;side effect&quot; I would say was bad enough to make me quit taking this is the mood swings. Other than that, its AWESOME!!!
I 'd been having hot flashes at night for over 1 month but wasn 't sure if that is what they were Finally spoke to my doctor who suggested an HRT or clonadine. I chose clonadine as I have the occasional high blood pressure and switched from a prescribed bp medicine to a natural remedy after 6 mths and getting it down. Clonadine worked that very night. I was getting hot flashes during the evening usually starting around 8.30pm. He warned me how it would make me sleepy, so I take it from 7-8pm at night and am asleep by 10pm. This way I am awake by 6-7am with no residual tiredness. I am on the .1mg. I now have the .025mg which I want to try, 3 at once. This is to lose the 5 pnds I gained at my waist since I stared the clonadine hence the 9.
I only found myself on this website after not having a period for 4 months to see if anyone else had anything to say about that. I do have to take pregnancy tests to be safe but this stuff is really good. The only side effects of taking it for me are sore breasts and occasional nausea, but the pros definitely outweigh the cons. I don 't intentionally skip a period so if this worries you I would stay away from this birth control.
I 've suffered with severe cold sores all my life. When I was a kid they robbed me of all confidence and severely influenced the choices I made in life. In my mid-20s I realized that if I avoided UV and certain foods (tomatoes, citrus, chocolate) I could reduce the number of outbreaks, but I still suffered horribly on a monthly basis. Then I had to have eye surgery, and I was prescribed Valtrex to get rid of a cold sore I had at the time. The surgery didn 't work out, but I would have gone through the whole painful process again just to find out about this drug. For the past 4 years, if I experience any tingle I take around 10 pills over 36 hours and the outbreak halts in its tracks. Almost no visible problems. Absolutely life changing!
I have been taking Voltaren for the past 6 years in conjunction with omapromazin.I would not have been able to walk, sleep or enjoy life. It is only now after having two knee replacements that I no longer need to take any medication. I think Voltaren is a way to enjoy life again, without pain. But for me I am happy to have the new knee replacements.
I take 50 mg of Spironolactone twice daily for acne. My experience is very positive.Initially, I noticed light-headedness and pronounced diuretic effects. Lost a couple of pounds of water weight. Appetite and weight gain/loss are not affected.My skin cleared within two to three weeks. I occasionally have a small pimple or blackhead that goes away in a day or two.My periods are very irregular. I think since I started taking this drug I 've had one &quot;real&quot; period requiring the use of tampons. I do randomly spot/bleed from time to time. No mental health effects so far. If anything, I feel more stable due to the lack of periods and PMS.
Searched for balance for years. Tried a lot of different meds. Lexapro made my life normal.  Take 20mg and .5 mg of clonazepam at bedtime.  I am in sales and people never would think I deal with anxiety and depression.
I have been taking Celexa 10 mg for over ten years. The great thing about Celexa is that I have not experienced any side effects.  The thing about Celexa is that you don 't notice a radical difference you are taking it, but you notice the difference when you stop.
I suffered from bouts of severe stomach pain, diarrhea, vomiting. Had every test known to man with everything coming back with no problem. Severe bloating, lots of burping. This problem started when I was only two years old, I failed classes in school, I grew up knowing that if I started belching more usual or had high stomach pain that I needed to prepare for two or three days of the worst stomach pain that you can imagine. Emergency rooms and doctors kept telling me food poisoning, gastritis, virus. The pain was so bad I thought I was going to die. Finally at 44 years old after three ER trips in two days, a simple, young doctor at the hospital gave me bentyl.....PAIN GONE!! ITS A MIRACLE DRUG. I don 't take it every day but I take it when
A low-hormone IUD was recommended to me by my doctor because of my family history with breast cancer. I 've recommended IUD 's to my friends and 3 of them have gone through with the procedure and are pleased with the simplicity of IUD 's. There is a reason this method of birth control is one of the most effective! The first month or two I had variable mood swings around the time of my period but I stuck it out and my hormones have since stabilized. No longer do I have to remember taking a pill or replacing a ring. My doctor said I can expect my period to &quot;normalize&quot; around the 8th month. I am now in my 10th month and my period is spotty with maybe one day that requires using tampons.
Wow. This drug really restored my ability to have an orgasm. I have been complaining about Lexapro destroying my sex drive to my doctor since I started Lexapro. It was getting to the point where I had to choose between a sex life and my sanity. Unfortunately, my doctor didn 't do anything about it. I was the one who had to ask if I could take Buspar, after internet research. Lexapro reduced my social and generalised anxiety by, I would say, 80%. Buspar restored my ability to have an orgasm, and also seems to be reducing my anxiety even further. I know everyone reacts differently to these medications differently, but if you are having these issues, I would give this a try.
So I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on the 19th. We did it and he pulled out but he 's not very experienced with doing that so I was scared that he did get some in me. Less than an hour later we went to target and bought the pill and I took it about 30 minutes later. I felt fine the first couple days then on the 27th I began feeling really sick like I was going to throw up anything I ate I also began having slight cramps and pain in my right ovary. I was freaking out mostly because I needed to pee more often even though I was drinking anything really and I heard that was a sign of early pregnancy. But yesterday (30th) I started having period-like cramps and behold I got my period today, it 's about a week early but &macr;\_(ãƒ„)_/&macr;
I have been on this only for 5 days and I have already lost 10 lbs. I started out at 270 pounds and now I am at 259 pounds. I will continue taking this the seems to be working and the Dr has me on Prozac as well which I 'm separating from this. For my depression.
I started Contrave last Saturday May 6, 2017.  The first couple of days I felt depressed, my head felt a little weird, and I was mildly nauseous. By Monday, I felt a lot better. I 'm still on just one pill a day.  The only issue I 'm having is at night when I go to bed I kinda feel like my heart is racing a little bit.  Has anyone else experienced that?  So far that 's my only concern.  I have had dry mouth but that 's tolerable.  My starting weight was 184ish and this morning I weighed 180.4 which was encouraging.
I was diagnosed with CML in 2012 and started with tasigna and couldn 't handle the horrible side effects the I went to sprycel with horrible side effects to Gleevec and then back to a lower dose of Sprycel! Sense then I 've had mild skin irritation and my breast hurt but nothing I have become accustomed to, the worst part is the joint pain. But over all my CML is asleep and undetected in my blood as of today! So I will take the joint pain as long as I have to!
I have not had any bad experiences with this medicine since I started taking it. I am very pleased it is working so well for me.
I had never taken birth control before. I am 27 years old and have always suffered with severe pmdd. The pmdd was ruining my quality of life it was so terrible. My doctor reccomended pimtrea. The first week was awful! Horrible bloating, sick to my stomach, vomiting, dizzy. I called my doctor three times that week and told him I could not do this. He assured me the symptoms would go away. Sure enough, the following week I only had bloating. I am onto my second pack of pills and cannot believe that I, for the first time since I was 13, no longer am experiencing the terrible pmdd symptoms. This pill has almost totally taken away all symptoms, except for a little drowsiness. Pimtrea has saved my life and my marriage.I should have took it sooner
I have been on this medicine over thirty yrs. Back then it was a &quot;new trendy medicine&quot; to help people with panic disorder. This has worked for me so I can live a normal life.. actually a MORE then Normal life! I had tried Xanax and many others with NO avail. This medicine has been extremely effective due to the long shelf life it works for me great! I was able to be a great mother, friend, and work my way up at work. I feel so many would benefit from this wonderful medicine as long as they take as Dr. orders it. Yes, over a time.. your body needs more of it. I have never experience any bad side effects from this medicine. I wish more Dr 's were informed of this medicine truly being a &quot;medicine&quot;! Please docs, help your patients!
It consistently provides long lasting relief for my headaches, compared with Tylenol.
I began taking Prevacid probably 10 years ago, stopped occasionally, but found I could not go long without needing it.  I never thought of anything bad coming of it, I felt wonderful, no heartburn, no need to watch what I ate anymore, no more waking up at night needing antacids.  Well, a few years ago, I started having severe foot and ankle pain and weakness, and last September, I fell in the yard and severely broke my ankle, requiring ORIF surgery to put in a plate and screws.  My ankle will never be the same.  Gone are the 4 mile walks I used to enjoy daily, and, I have also developed some heart palpitations, higher blood pressure readings, and I feel it is all due to my long term use of Prevacid.  I stopped taking it almost 2 months ago.
It has changed my life
I started this medicine 3 weeks ago and have lost 15lbs so far. I have side effects and like other users have said has really calmed me down and less stressful. This is the only thing that has ever helped me to drop weight. I also do spin classes daily and sort of watch what I eat. Although I can 't eat very much it seems like just a few bites of food and I 'm good. End result I 'm very pleased with this medicine
I am 22 years old . I have tried injections (severe lows) axiron  (very messy especially as I needed several applications). Now my pharmacist compounds me a cream to use on my abdomen. It is great! Only takes seconds to apply.
Doctors will always try to put you on synthroid which is poison that has the worst side effects and once I started on Armor I could see the dark cloud leave. I still notice that I can only use a half of batch before I need to buy more because it went bad and I am still trying to get the perfect dose but I feel so much better with armor than the synthroid that doctors suggest. I only wish I could buy armor in Colombia SA because now I must go to the states every month to pick it up.
was diagnosed in 2006, but most likely contracted it back in the late mid 70s...I started on Harvoni in November 2015, finished 1/2016..I had not one side effect what so ever.  My last viral count was zero!!! I am not on any other medications but I do take a super b complex vitamin every day..taking this medicine was a piece of cake !!Thank you to whomever came up with this medicine.
Best medicine ever. I am BiPolar and weening off Cymbalta so the only down fall I have is the withdrawlish feeling from getting off the Cymbalta.  No diarrhea, no nausea just about a 10 lb weight gain, but I feel great so the weight thing can be what it is I will be fat and feel better!
I am starting my second month on Accutane. I did a lot of research before, and watched tons of YouTube videos and searched for the products I needed before going on this. As a woman, you have to do extra steps, like blood draws and pregnancy tests, but it is all wroth it, to me. My skin looks amazing. I don 't need hardly any makeup. I have minimal side effects: of course my lips are dry as hell, but if you stay on top of this from the very beginning and never let them start cracking, you should be good. I am on 60 mg per day. I use lanolin and Bite Beauty Agave lip mask for my lips and these are amazing. Best staying power out of the many things I 've tried. Also, I have hard stools :( (TMI, sorry). But other than that I am very happy!
I was having hot flashes every night from being peri-menopause and I recently started on 20 mg of prozac. It took approximately 3 weeks for it to start working and I swear by it by the 4th week not one hot flash. I am feeling so much relief from prozac. Not only have my hot flashes gone away but my moods are stable and I feel great!
I was initially prescribed this for frequent migraines - I cannot take triptan meds so if Fioricet didn 't work for a severe migraine, then I would use this. I have to say, it didn 't always work for very long for the migraine pain. What it does work very well for is pain from my chronic kidney stones (I have permission from my doc to use it for the stones). Kidney stones are extremely painful, and when my Percocet does nothing for the stone pain, I take the Butorphanol nose spray. It has kept me out of the ER on many occasions.
This is the only thing will stop my cough. I have upper respiratory infection and can 't stop coughing.
I have irritable bowl syndrome with diarrhea and this has worked great for me. I take it once or twice a day as needed with juice. The only side effect I noticed was one case of nausea which passed after about an hour. Make sure to drink plenty of fluids to avoid major constipation.
Worked really well. Got me through the day so I didn 't miss any work. I did use as directed but suffered with dryness and bleeding sores that wouldn 't heal in nostrils for weeks after.
Read the instructions but decided that 2 might be too much for me, needed something to relive the constipation. Took 1 pill and it worked in less than 2 hours, I could feel abdominal pain, fluctulance and burping in the first hour, the pain wasn 't too severe as I was lying on my bed. On my 2nd hour, I could feel the pain getting worse and I felt like going to the toilet. The instructions told me that it works in at least 6 hours. didn 't think it would take that little time and I do not appreciate it as I took it just before bed! Lucky that I did not take 2 pills as I can 't imagine what would have happened to me!
I suffers with sciatica pain and its help me not get injections as the Dr stated. Im glad that I found this miracle pill. Love it!!!!!
Like most of you I have been on almost every medication to date. They work a few months and stop so I gave up about 8 yrs ago and just dealt with it all. I told my doctor I needed something for depression and anxiety. He put me on Viibryd and I slowly built my way up to 40 mg which I%u2019m still on to date.  This is the first medication that has ever worked for this long of a period for me.  And as far as being depressed that is long gone. I have a lot of trouble sleeping and when you do miss a dose you can expect a super crazy dream that night. I%u2019m a very moody person and they have seemed to control my outbursts and keep me calm. As for sexual side effects I have not noticed an increase or decrease. Have put on at least 10 extra lbs from it also. I%u2019m very satisfied with the results and would give this medicine a 10 star rating.
I 've had a few unpleasant side effects. I feel truly blessed with this medication. I had bipolar 2 and  other more common medications were not an option for my mood disorder. It keeps me so much more stable. I took a lot of drugs before and was suicidal. I was able to get off drugs and stopped my suicidal urges.I had grown unfaithful with psychiatry.  I was sure that this medicine would not work like every other thing but it helped me so much. There are so many positive effects. Prevents suicidal urges, lessen depression, relaxes my body, helped me take lower doses of Xanax, helps anxiety, helps sleep, Happy sometimesCons - It effects my memory bad and I 've lost a lot of hair. I 'm a girl and my hair is really thinning out. :/
28 female- I was diagnosed with Bipolar, manic depressive when I was 14. I have been on an off of medication for years. When I approached my PCP for medication for my anxiety they were nervous about giving me a SSRI due to they make me manic. They tried giving me abilify but that landed me in the ER. Buspirone was my last resort. It 's been about 4 weeks and what a difference. I 'm enjoying my life with my kids, family, and friends again. I used to go everywhere with no problems but the past 7 months I could barely leave my house. I shut down completely. Buspirone is changing me back to the person I was. My anger has diminished. My paranoia is gone. I can go out in public without a panic attack or racing thoughts.
I suffer from moderate to severe OCD (with mild depression due to it) and I was prescribed Zoloft. It helped me to control my obsessive thoughts, I was able to get fully-rested sleeps and I was more social and outgoing.  Unfortunately, I stayed on it for only 6 months before weaning myself off of it due to weight gain (20 lbs) in a short amount of time and my lifestyle was a lot more active when I started taking it too, I also had very vivid and detailed dreams, which wasn 't horrible, but it was nice to be able to fall asleep easier.
I stopped using llysine for 2 weeks and I started shaving again and eating chocolate. And peanuts   It all came back So now I started my journey again with 2,ooo my llysine ..organic apple cider vinegar . Hydrogen peroxide, over the counter excess vitamin c.  And sea breeze astringent baby powder  use everything this is the worst crazy virus to fight.  I still cry but I 'm be strong if a thing give me a second chance I will use a condom with my next boyfriend.  My boyfriend ruined me.  But I will continue my journey don 't give up keep fighting. it 's still in my vagina. So imagine use everything I can to fight this virus
Its hard to rate a medicine as a &quot;good thing&quot; when you take it to get diarrhea, but overall this is far less nasty experience than I was expecting. Yes,the taste is bad and yes its hard to consume so much fluid in a short period of time, but it wasn 't half as bad as I expected.  Within 20 minutes I started having effects and was done within 3 hours. Only a little nausea (in waves) and no cramping or other abdominal pain.  Took my 1st dose at 6 am, went to bed comfortably at 11, got up at 3:30 for my second dose, its almost 5 am and I am on the downside of the laxative effects and its pretty much clear liquid coming out. My procedure is at 8 am. I dreaded the prep so much, I get nauseated easily, and turns out the fasting was the worst part.
I didn 't give this a 10 simply because I don 't feel it last as long as it should. However, during the time I do take it, it 's great. Wide awake without being jittery. Good stuff.
I have been dx with bipolar, anxiety and depression. Although I rarely am depressed. My anxiety has caused me several trips to the ER. Shortness of breath, hyperventilating, nausea and chest pain. My lungs are already in the second stage of hereditary emphysema (aka) Alpha 1 Antitrypsin Deficiency. When my lungs are having difficulty moving and exchanging gases my anxiety is already on edge ... However when the anxiety gets worse my shortness of breath gets worse.. Furthermore has landed me in ICU. Recently after trial and errors I was prescribed barbiturates. An ER doctor prescribed me Ativan. I have saw a tremendous difference in my anxiety. My family practitioner has added paxil to take with it. It has been a week so far, I am feeling so much healthier
I use Emla with a dermaroller. I apply a thin layer and put cling film over it for 60 minutes before starting treatment. It completely numbs the area and I can 't feel the 1.5mm needles at all. I can now get thru a session in 5 minutes instead of 30 where I had to keep stopping cause of pain. I bought this for just over $20 for a 5mg tube at Chemist Warehouse. It 's expensive but I only need one every 6 weeks and 5g covers my whole buttock and thigh area. I love this stuff!
Not sure if this is a side effect from the pill or not but I became lactose intolerant after I took it and it 's been 2 weeks
This has been a life saver. No longer do I have to worry about visiting friends overnight or going on trips and have to stop numerous times to go to the bathroom. I can finally get a good nights sleep. I have not had any side effects.
After reading all the comments I was worried about trying dulcolax but after 9 days with little or no BM I gave it a go. I took 1 to begin with but nothing...no cramps either...so the next night I tried 2 but still nothing.  I was worried about trying 3 so took them in the morning and continued eating but maybe the food stopped them working?  A few cramps but that was it so I took 3 again last night  with a large glass of water at 10pm and things started moving about 7am. No cramping or nausea and it 's now 1pm and I think I 'm done! I 'm very healthy generally, 5 ft 5 and 119lbs and have never taken laxatives before so I think it must just be luck of the draw so don 't automatically be put off from the horror stories.
Had it since March of 14 after having my son.. slowly but surely made me miserable. Didn 't have a period the whole time. But my super bitchy mood swings, low sex drive, acne, back aches and weight gain made this birth control NOT worth it. However it does work great for preventing pregnancy. .. because you are too moody for sex!.
The medication does work for me, but the cost is a hard ship.
It 's been almost 2 years since switching over from Atripla to Complera  and  I 've never had any problems or side effects with the medication. I usually take complera after dinner.
I have been taking it for over 12 years.I am on the lowest dosage and to this point no side effects.
I have been using the &quot;patch&quot; now for 10 years.  I use it every time I go out fishing on the Pacific.  It works great for me.  I can go anywhere on the boat and don 't have to worry about watching the horizon.  I also took it on a cruise and would have to say that 3 day 's is about the maximum amount of time before they start to wear off.
I switched from paraguard to skyla about a year and a half ago. I wanted an IUD because I 'm terrible at taking pills, the nuvaring always fell out, and my acne was so sensitive to any hormones. Paraguard gave me the heaviest and most painful periods ever (used a super tampon almost every 45 minutes). I switched to skyla and I 've had the best experience. The insertion is not the easiest stroll in the park but it 's all uphill from there. My acne nearly disappeared, I don 't have to pay for BC pills or condoms all the time, and I practically don 't have a period anymore. Two days a month I spot some and have some mild cramps and that 's it. Nothing a little ibuprofen can 't help. :)
I have been on Ortho Evra going on 4 years now and I really like the convenience of it. It is easy to remember and I enjoy that I know exactly when I will have my period. The first month or so I started using it my body had to adjust so I was a little nauseated the first day of a new patch, but that went away. I change it from one side of my pelvis to another each week. I am considering changing birth controls only because my insurance does not cover it and I pay 50 dollars a month for it, however after reading reviews of some others I will probably just stay on the patch. 50 dollars a month is much cheaper than paying for a baby!
I have been taking Saphris for 10 days. I went cold turkey off Seroquel 600mg/day. I have had terrible insomnia. My psych said this should improve over next few weeks, I hope so. Agreed that it tastes awful and numbness under tongue only lasts approx half an hour. My mood improved the next day after my first 5mg dose. I feel so happy and enthusiastic about life, which is amazing. The Seroquel fog has lifted and I have lost 3.5kgs in 7 days (Seroquel munchies are gone).
This product saved me. I was having a severe Rosacea flare-up, complete with pustules. Clarifoam is the only product that helped in a month of trying various alternatives.  I was really getting down about my appearance.  The product goes on easily and I noticed improvement within 12 hours. I would suggest using it with Cetaphil cleanser so that your skin does not get too dry. I have been using it in the morning and evening and use the &quot;leave on&quot; versus the &quot;wash off&quot; method.  I am truly grateful for this product and want to get the word out to Rosacea sufferers.
sI began having severe panic and anxiety about 6 weeks after being on HRT and I.might add for the past 7 years. I was a wreck crying all the time I mean yes I miss my mom but she has been gone since 1999 an literally cry on a dime all day. I keep having weird mind spells that would b triggered by a familiar smell or sound an though they felt de sha vie ish they weren 't just weird an scary thought I was going craZY. Finally went to doctors they did a bunch of test and he told me exactly why my panic disorder and anxieties were getting so bad, I have zero % of estrogen in body. The doct said hrt and hbp meds not primarily used to treat the panic and anxiety they do help control. Put me on 10 celexa and 0.25 x 2 xanax. I feel like a million!!!
Today is March 26, 2016. Today was my first day taking fastin, I was scared out of my wits when I first tried one this morning before breakfast, I waited for all the bad adverse effects that I had been hearing about, but nothing bad happened even after my second afternoon dose. It made me kind of sleepy for the first hour or so, then my energy kicked into overdrive! No side effects what-so-ever, unless not eating is a side effect. I can 't wait until in the morning for day number two! I 'll keep you guys posted...keep in mind I kept clear of all caffeine, because these things are loaded with caffeine as is. I didn 't get a chance to weigh in yet, so I 'll update you on my weight also.
I previously posted my initial review after my first 6 weeks on Genvoya, so here is my update 6 months after that previous blood test.  In the past 6 months, my CD4 count has risen from 343 to 474.  This averages to an increase of 21 cells per month, which matches well with the official clinical patient trials for Genvoya.  I am very very happy with that trend.  So in 7.5 months on this drug, I 've gone from a CD4 count of 326 to 474.  I don 't want to get too jazzed about one set of blood test results, but I 'll take all the good news I can get.  Most of my other bloodwork items came back within the normal ranges, which is nice.  I switched health insurance carriers January 1, and now my co-pay has gone down by 95%, which is fantastic.
Taking for Bipolar Disoder II and Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. Works nearly immediately and works wonders. Never had a quieter head or felt better. The horrible taste is worth it.
I have been taking Probenecid for 15 years, no side effects. I was cursed with severe gouty arthritis. When I had an attack it would render me incapable of walking. My ankles would swell to double their normal size and would become extremely painful. My doctor first cleared up all signs of gout (high uric acid level) then began administering probenecid, 3 x 500mg tablets per day (2 tablets in the morning &amp; 1 in the evening). Since beginning with this medication I have not had any form of side effect and I have had no gouty arthritis attacks. That has certainly changed my life for the better.
I 've had problems with sleep for around 7-8 years, and I started taking this 4-5 years ago. It has worked absolute wonders! I take 2-3 pumps or 6-10 drops (depending on what I have) and go to lay in bed. I usually lay in bed for a while either reading or doing something else, and at around 10-11 I go &quot;properly&quot; to bed. I easily fall asleep, and I 'm able to wake up in the morning, without feeling incredibly grumpy and such. Normally if I don 't have school and such I wake up (naturally, not by an alarm) at around 7-9, completely and well rested, and all the other times I get up at 6.30, also well rested and ready for a new day.
After 37 years I have tried all the shampoos, creams, oils, out there.  I am still refusing biologics though..... the stuff can give you lymphoma, no thanks.  My dermatologist gave me samples of taclonex topical suspension  and I liked it right away.  I like that It stays on long enough to soften my plaques.  It eases some of my relentless itching immediately so that I can sleep.  I paid 40 dollars for my prescription because I called my insurance ahead of time to get it approved, that saved me 1200 dollars.  It worked well for me when I got samples, here is hoping it continues to work for a while.
Provides excellent relief for symptoms caused by bladder flares from interstitial cystitis.
Worked better than Tylenol w/codeine #3 and Carisoprodol.  Worked great for back pain.
I took the generic form for 3 months last January-March.  Of four badly infected toes (the others had it too, but it wasn 't super obvious) one cleared up right away during treatment,  and the big toe has taken forever but is growing in normally.  There is still 1/8 inch yucky nail at the top of the big toenail, but the new part looks good.  This is almost a year later!  My two little toenails still looked pretty bad until about a month ago, when I realized they were about 75% improved and still continue to improve.  I had no side effects at all.  My doctor told me to apply topical lamisil EVERY DAY for the rest of my life to keep this from coming back, and to throw out ALL footwear and replace it during treatment, so I did.
AmLactin 12%. Prescribed for dry feet, no complications like cracking, just dry as a bone since I moved from South Georgia to Michigan.  I 've had nothing but great results with it, worked in just a couple of days. I 've forgotten to put it on some days and my feet were still smooth and moist the next day (or days, once). Definitely better than any Over the counter product.
This is THE BEST birth control I have taken so far. I get no serious side effects, does not decrease my sex drive or make me dry, I get no cramps, no weight gain. Just pregnancy protection. I have gone back and forth from Sprintec to the Depo Provera shot and let me just say that for me this was better. On the Depo Provera I had almost no sex drive and was completely dry when having sex. I was eating like crazy and I just felt so lazy. I 'm really glad I 'm back on Sprintec.
I got Kyleena inserted in January of 2017 I was told to take 600mg of ibuprofen before and wasn 't asked to be on my period for insertion. The procedure was a piece of cake and was no more than 10 minutes. the pain was only slight cramping for few seconds while inserting. The  first few days I had cramps which is typical, but they were bearable. I had light spotting for about a month after which was annoying, but that has now stopped. So far I 've only had 1 period and it was super light and lasted two days which is not typical for me. I usually have a heavy perioid (super tampon) for a week. So far I 'm loving this basically nonexistent period, no acne, improved sex life and overall I feel happier compared to the pill I was previously taking.
Ritalin helps tremendously with ADHD and depression. I have to keep strict to my schedule or I will slip.  It also makes me insomniatic sometimes, especially if I consume more than one cup of coffee per morning.
I have had a good experience with increased energy and motivation and decreased muscle pain.
I have RLS and insomnia. I don 't want to use an addictive medication for sleep. Unisom has thus far been very helpful. I start feeling the effects after about 30-45 minutes. Also I try not to take it every day. 1 every few days. I needed it and I 'm happy with the results.
I had  PCOS and heavy periods.  I got the liletta placed in August 2017 I have experienced spotting after intercourse and my periods which only lasts a couple days.  I 've had a little acne and I am down 14 pounds. I hated the insertion - I thought I was going to pass out and I have had 3 kids by c-section lots of scar tissue on my uterus but overall I love it
EXCELLENT results. Effexor became non-effective after many years of use and another life impacting event. Was recently severely depressed and suicidal for about 2 years. Found Cymbalta 2 years ago and it CHANGED MY LIFE FOR THE BETTER. I think this medication is FANTASTIC. I have been diagnosed with major depressive disorder and general anxiety disorder (dual diagnosed) This condition has been with me for many years (runs in the family i.e. mother was severely depressed). Cymbalta 120mg per day snapped me out of it. Under doctor 's orders I discontinued current SSRI at the time and started right up with Cymbalta 120mg/day. Within 7-10 days I was out of my depressed state. It has to be the norepinephrine aspect that made the difference.
I had acne really bad about 2 - 3 years ago. I tried everything I could do for about a year and nothing worked. I went to the doctor and as I suffer from dry skin too he gave me E45 and Duac gel. At night I wash my face with a gentle face wash an put my E45 on let it sink in then put Duac all over! I saw results in a week or 2 it 's the best thing that 's ever happened to me and I 'm still using it to this day 3 years on. As if I don 't use it for a month I tend to come up in spots so I use it every night. Best thing ever. Highly recommend.
I drank for over 30 years until my psychiatrist recommended Campral.  What a God send.  I lost my desire for alcohol within a few months but remained on the drug for over a year.  I decided on my own to stop the drug and have not drunk any alcohol for well over three years.  In my view, this is an amazing drug, and of course, I am grateful beyond words for it.
I love this medication.  I had no luck with Ambien.  Rozerem is PERFECT for what I need it for - it 's not so much that I have insomnia, but a delayed sleep phase.  Rozerem doesn 't necessary PUT me to sleep, but HELPS me fall asleep if I 'm willing, which can help me retain a diurnal rhythm without difficulty.  I would not recommend this for someone who needs to be &quot;knocked out&quot; into sleep - it is not that strong.  I also recommend taking it exactly as directed - 30 minutes before you plan to go to sleep, and then actually PLAN on sleeping.  If you pop a pill then stare at the computer or read a book, it won 't be able to do its job (speaking from experience).  Like I said, it doesn 't force you to sleep, it helps you to sleep.
Saved my life. Was put on this in the hospital and my depression was out of the suicidal level in three days. About 5 days on it now and have had some recurring moderate depression, however my pdoc says it should take full effect in 2-4 weeks.
Lifesaver! This med has helped give me my life back. I occasionally had 3 days of lights off, ice pack, cool &amp; quiet bedroom time for the pain, often to the point of vomiting. I 've been on it for years and take the injections with warm &amp; tingly side effects but completely worth it. I crash for an hour with an ice pack &amp; when I get up I feel fantastic. Love â¤
I love tazorac. I use it for skin rejuvenation not acne but it 's cleared blackheads, evened skin tone,  Greatly closed pores. I 've used tretinoin and that was much harsher on my skin. This has been mildly effective. Meaning no bad side effects. I use 0.05%.  One thing, I have combo skin which being in my late 30s, the oil and acne decreased. My acne scars were around mouth from my younger years. Something I 'd like to point out is, I notice in some areas on my face it doesn 't decrease pores size, particular each side of cheeks near nose. However comparing this to tretinoin this wins by far for me! Now my mother whom has non complicated skin responds excellent to tretinoin so it depends. Cost is outrageous!!! Find coupon.
NuOx is very effective in treating acne. It is to be applied topically, but do so religiously. If you don 't put it on every night it won 't be as effective. Otherwise, I would highly recommend it, talk to your doctor about getting a prescription if you are dealing with tedious acne.
I 've been on Xulene for over a year now after being on Ortho Evra for 12 years. It 's working really well on keeping my cycles down to 3 days vs 2 weeks. I 'm not sure why everyone has been throwing up or rashes with this medication as I have not had that experience at all. Some complain about the patch coming off. The best way to do it is make sure your skin is completely hair free, dry, and use rubbing alcohol and let dry before applying the patch. Never comes off,
I am 21 and a nightmare with remembering contraception! I am never in the same place everyday so the pill has never worked. I was on the implant for years but the side effects were horrific. I have finally found the right form of contraception - NuvaRing. It is fantastic! It suits busy full time ladies especially if you work shifts and your hours are all over the place like myseld. I have suffered no side effects at all. I just mark my diary and there 's no hassle! It has not affected sexual intercourse for me, in fact quite the reverse - I found my partner is excited by the fact there is a ring in my Vagina! Has also eradicated my heavy periods and pains completely! It needs to be more widely advertised! I didnt know it existed for years!
This has helped my allergies/eczema and asthma.  My IEG was pretty high, basically too high to see a difference. I do 2 150 doses every two weeks. It has changed my life.
I recently just stopped taking Lyza because I realized it wasn 't help me get my period back . Before that I was on Depo (the shot) which got rid of my period completly . I just started taking this birth control (Aubra) and so far, I haven 't notice any really crazy symptoms or spotting. I would get mild headaches but nothing ibuprofen couldn 't fix. I 'll update soon :)
I love to fish but would get very seasick. Once I discovered Bonine I never got seasick again!  I take one the day before and one just before i get on the boat. Works great!
Started feeling ill at lunchtime yesterday, by the time I went to the doctor at 7pm, had a 101&deg; fever, chills, nausea, headache, muscle spasms, severe tachycardia, etc. Was prescribed Tamiflu, took first dose at 9pm along with Tylenol and Zofran. Took another dose this morning and already feel a night and day difference. Majority of symptoms are fine, still treating headache and low grade fever with Tylenol, but don 't feel like I 've been hit by an 18 Wheeler anymore. If you catch it early, Tamiflu works wonders. Take with some crackers because stomach can get a little bubbly.
I took this back in 2012. I was 270 pounds when I started and lost 120 pounds in 9 months with diet and exercise In 2015 I got pregnant and gained 30 back. My doctor prescribed it again and I lost it again. It may not be for everyone but it worked for me. I was also able to maintain a healthy weight after again with diet and exercise. If your prob to being over weight you will always have to try. Don 't look at it as getting thin.. look at it as a lifestyle change for your health. Diets fail but lifestyle changes last if you want them too.
I have panic disorder and generalized anxiety. I take 1 to 2 mg sublingually when fighting anxiety or at the onset of a panic attack. I took one at the onset of an attack this morning, and within 5 minutes I could breathe again, my hands returned to normal temperature, and I was able to focus on getting the kids ready for school. I 'm glad that 1mg is strong enough to prevent an attack, and that it doesn 't dope me up - just calms me down and eases the physical issues.
I just get real moody and depress sometimes if this helps anyone I dont have to worry about and its very effective I LOVE MY DOCTOR
Truly a life saver. I take 1.0mg on an as needed basis. I like it that it doesn 't give me a hang over and it is short acting for me- usually lasts 4 hours. Klonopin works the same but is longer lasting and a little stronger.
Diag early onset Parkinson 's at 46yo.  I was having off and on again sleep attacks in the afternoons.  No amount of coffee can power you through one.  This keeps me through the afternoon.
I had my appointment to get skyla today. Beforehand, I read a lot of these comments which really made me nervous about going through with it. Let me tell you, it is not as bad as all these stories make it seem. The doctor will talk you through it step by step and let you know what they are doing. Inserting the device felt like a normal period cramp. They will reccommed that you take some deep breaths during the insertion which helped me a lot. It 's been a few hours and all I feel is very mild cramping, nothing some Tylenol won 't help. Would definitely recommend skyla to anyone looking for an effective form of birth control.
I switched from Seroquel to latuda 5 days ago, INSTANT IMPROVEMENT! My sweet cravings are gone, I can exercise again, I don 't feel like a slug at work. I Have only one complaint. The nausea is pretty bad, I 've almost thrown up a couple of times, but right now, the pros outweigh the cons, hopefully the nausea will subside after a while. Ill update in a month
I have had problems with arthritis and degenerative disc disease in my back and neck for over 18 years and have had to use muscle relaxers often.  I have tried Tizanidine, Robaxin, Skelexin and now Soma.  My new rheumatologist prescribed it and I feel it works the best out of all the muscle relaxers I have tried.  I don 't seem to have any side effects to speak of. I need four orthopedic surgeries and Soma has helped my pain tolerance.
I am on a small dose of this to help me with anxiety that brintellix doesn 't alleviate. Only 0.5 mg.dose but it does the trick. Insurance covers it but I still need to pay about $150 out of pocket each month. I wish it wasn 't so expensive.
This has been very effective at helping me control panic disorder with agoraphobia. I am on 2mg 2 times a day and have been for 5 months or so.I have not found it to be a panacea; I still have occasional attacks that require the intervention of regular alprazolam 0.5mg, but, in general, this medication has been helpful in evening out my feelings of anxiety throughout the course of a typical day and certainly helps to eliminate some of the rebound anxiety that comes with the use of regular alprazolam.
I took Adipex for the past 3 months as prescribed. I weighed 190 lbs. with type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure. The first month I loss 20 lbs. The 2nd month 4 lbs and 3rd month 4 lbs. I played volleyball 2x a week with helped. I could have loss more but I hate exercising if it 's not volleyball. My 1st month the insomnia was nightly. The dry mouth was all the time. Try chewing gum. I drank more water than I 'm used to but it was good for me. Constipation was a problem. Try fibre pills or Phillips or stool softener for constipation. Lots of energy.  2nd month, sleep was better. I felt great because I could feel those 20 lbs. off and my clothes were so baggy. Lots of energy. I slightly started to want to eat. 3rd month. Total loss= 28 lbs.
Smoked for 7 years pack a day. Tried quitting more times than I can remember. I started Champix with the idea that I was going to just keep smoking. By day 3 my smoking had decreased due to the AWFUL taste that they now had and I found that satisfying feeling I got from smoking had disappeared. I tried to continue smoking (because I 'm stubborn) but by day 7 I couldn 't even have one. I had no desire to smoke and started waking up in the morning and didnt even think about the idea of smoking for 4-5 hours. I had very little side effects. Champix is truly a miracle! Smoke free 2 years and counting.
I got Skyla inserted yesterday &amp; I have to say I was terrified considering I read these horrific reviews while my boyfriend &amp; I waited for the doctor. Not smart lol. I went in with no medicine what so ever even though they strongly suggest it, which made me even more terrified to get it. The process was soooo quick. 3-5 mins. &amp; didn 't hurt at all. It was uncomfortable, a little more intense than a Pap smear, but it was very tolerable. the only thing that was a little on the irritating side was having your cervix clamped. It just feels like cramps. I felt great after a little bit of cramps but nothing to much. It varies on the person how the experience is. Don 't let a review discourage you.
It has really helped with my pain. The only side effect has been constipation.
I do not like taking medicine but had extreme anxiety and trouble paying attention before.  I wish I took this before been a few days and more so much more focused.  I haven 't misplaced phone or car keys
I have been a doper since the the guys in vietnam sent it home in the mail. Been on methadone programs for 20 year but always seemed to relapse. Jail was my clean time too. Well after 10 years on aldie, a methadone program and wanting to get off it, they said try suboxone. I did and its the best but I also had years of counseling to go with it. I 'm on 2mgs and I feel great. Wish I had this back in the 70 's! Only problem is it is so expensive. But my life is worth it. It was a tough one and now my life is really sober and good.
I have taken Belsomra for approximately 1.5 years. I have previously taken: ambien, seroquel, lunesta, remeron, all for insomnia. I now take Belsomra exclusively. This has been, by far, the best. I am able to fall asleep within 5 minutes after lying down (takes about 1 hour to take effect). There has been zero tolerance as it works just as well as when I first began taking it. It seems, from the reviews and from my doctors opinion, that this drug either works or doesn 't. I would advise that if you are considering this drug to give it a chance and don 't be swayed by the negative reviews as everyone is different. Also, there are some side effects for the first few days (daytime drowsiness mostly), so try to stick with it for a week.
I first started lexapro when I had a massive panic attack in October 2015 it came out of no where and after seeing doctors they disagnosed me with health anxiety.. I 'm a mum of 2 and I 'm always constantly worrying if I have cancer or if that niggle in my leg was something bad... After my panic attack j was put on 2.5mg and the first week was horrible.. Nauseous, feeling Crap and solo tired... After that I started feeling so much better. I 'm not on 15mg and very happy.. I started letting anxiety rule me life and it was turning me into someone I wasnt.. I 've always been scared of the stigma of having to me on medication to get me through life however if it helps me be a happier person and a better mum then I 'm more then happy with my decision
Only antidepressant that doesn 't cause weight gain. Been on it for 7 years. Still have some lows, but nothing compared to without it. Did not cause me to lose weight, and did not prevent migraines for me. Side effects are more energy. I have been off this medicine and had no withdrawal like other antidepressants. Best one out there for someone who has depression with too much sleeping. I love it. And there is no risk in trying it, because there are no withdrawals. You can stop this medicine whenever you like and feel fine.
I have been on many different birth control pills (Microgestin, Necon and Norterel). I take the birth control continuously without the placebos so I wont have a cycle. I had break through bleeding and really bad side affects with all the aforementioned pills. A friend of mine was taking Lo-Ogesterol and she highly recommended trying it. I finally convinced my doctor to prescribe me Lo-Ogesterol. Since taking these pills they are doing what they 're suppose to do. I have no side affects what so ever and no bleeding. I am very happy with these pills compared to what I was on. Everyone 's body is different so it will take a few pills to find what works for you
I had my first colonoscopy yesterday and can say that other than being worried about it before (going under the anesthesia) there was really nothing to it.  The day before the procedure I drank a bottle of Mag Citritate around 12:00.  Then at 6:00 PM took the first small bottle of Suprep.  I did chill it and mixed it with very cold water.  I drank it all in about 2 or 3 shots and it did not taste that bad.  I then drank two 16 oz cups of cold water.  Waited about 30 minutes and it kicked in.  The day of the procedure I drank the other bottle around 6:00 am and did the same thing.  Had no issues at all.  FYI in the morning don 't brush your teeth before you drink it (will make it taste awful).  Overall worked very well and I was very please
After taking Ambien for a few years, it wasn 't working at all.  Trazodone has been very effective.  I no longer dread trying to go to sleep.  It may take a few days for it to work so don 't give up on it.  I can 't believe the change it has been in my life.  Cutting a 50mg in half.  A cup of coffee in morning and no groggy feeling.  It may be just from getting a decent night 's sleep but I have more energy during the day!  Last night I sleep through a terrible storm...I recommend giving it a few days to work, especially if switching from Ambien overnight. Only thing I 'm not sure about is it says to take with food...who eats right before going to bed?  I 've tried to eat a few crackers with it, but most nights I forget.
I first had the 3 in one injection 2 years ago with instant benefits and it lasted almost a year to the date. This is the 3rd time I have had the same injection but this time my knees are so swollen that I can not walk downstairs or get up from sitting. This is the second day and I am still hopeful that after the swelling goes down it will also last another year.
Love this pill. I was on it for 2 years and decided to try other ones that were cheaper. Bad mistake! I never had any side effects from Loestrin it was just pretty expensive. But after trying other ones this one is the best out there. No bad acne. Short periods. No depression. No weight gain which was great because as soon as I left Loestrin I gained 15 lbs on my new pill. Horrible! I love, love this pill and am willing to pay 45 bucks because it makes me feel good!
I had acne since age 13 and I am now 39. I also have Rosacea. I was one of the first patients my doctor prescribed Aczone to when it first came out, as nothing else was working. For the first six weeks, my acne got much worse, then it started to clear. It was amazing. Like others have said, my mild scars and severe oiliness improved. My doctor added Metrogel and Doxycycline for the Rosacea, and my skin looks great now! I no longer use any foundation makeup and I used to use a lot. I would advise new users to give Aczone some time to work. It really brought out a bad breakout at first and I was quite upset with how bad it looked but I went to their website and it said that is to be expected so I stuck with it.
I was having extreme depression and hypomania and they could not find the correct drug for me and this was the miracle drug for me it was the key. It works very well for me and I would recommend it. I take Seroquel at night because it does make me a little sleepy.
I 've been chronically constipated since I was 5 (I 'm in my early 20 's now). I always went to Doctors, who kept saying over and over &quot;fiber and water.&quot; Prune juice and normal laxatives (not stimulant laxatives) would have little to no effect on me. Amitiza makes me feel normal, and for the first time I can ever remember, I don 't dread when I have to do a bowel movement. It 's painless! I 've solved this taboo problem that I have suffered with for my entire life! Its a great feeling to have relief now. I do get nausea and a headache if I take it without a moderate sized meal. I also get cramps and explosive diarrhea if I take it and then eat a lot of dairy, like a milkshake (I 'm not lactose intolerant though). Despite this, I love this medicine!
I have been taking this for a year or so now and could not be happier. It has completely eliminated my night sweats and I only have the very rare hot flash now. My doc told me to start with one 300 mg pill at night and if I had to, I could add up to 600 mg more. 300 worked for me, and worked the first night. I couldn 't believe how much I had missed my sleep until I started to get some again. No naps necessary, so much more energy, mood improved. I love Gabapentin!
Took this form of birth control because it was safe while breastfeeding. This was very easy one shot good for 3 months but I experienced the worst side effects, weight gain, cramping, and spotting for almost 2 months straight.
I have suffered from Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder for most of my life but wasn 't aware that 's what I was going through. Just last month got diagnosed FINALLY and I am a totally new person on the Sarafem. Not different in terms of my personality. Just who I am without all the rage and mood swings. My relationships with my husband and kids is drastically improved. I did have some sleeplessness in the first week but other than that, no side effects. It has changed my life. I look forward to actually living now. I don 't like resorting to medicine right away. But I really wish I would have considered this sooner.
I started on 10 mg of Lexapro in October 2014. I stayed on that dose for 2 months and felt horrible the whole time. Nausea, dizziness, diarrhea, severe gas, and more anxiety. I lowered to 5mg and finally started to feel like myself. Long story short, I raised back up to 10 mg in April 2015 and haven 't felt this good in years. Most all side effects gone. I have it a 10 because I couldn 't hardly leave my house before. I 'm finally living again. It is a process, but don 't quit and don 't give up. Its worth the results to stick with it.
Taken ablify for over 8 months, gradually put on 20 lbs or so. Better than Seroquel Xr for weight gain and hunger pangs.
This medication was truly a life saver for me. It took all my pain away and allowed me to sleep peacefully without awaking to excruciating pain caused by nerve damage I had received from two surgeries.
I had my first one inserted in 2009, after my daughter was born. I had no pain or discomfort. My periods went away for good right away. I absolutely loved mine, and I had no problems with weight gain. I just had my second Mirena inserted 3 days ago. The removal process is not that bad. You do feel it come out, but it did not hurt at all. Insertion of the second one did hurt, and of course I cramped, and bled all day, as expected of course. Nothing some Motrin couldn 't take care of. I absolutely recommend it, as if you check it every month like you are supposed to, it will not move out of place.
I 've been on Klonopin for about 7 years now and it pretty much blocks any panic attacks, except for a few minor breakthrough panic symptoms now and then. Grogginess seems to be the only side-effect. 
I had very good results using Cerezyme.  I was on it for 2 1/2 years and had the results of diminished bone pain, increased platelet count, and slight diminished spleen size.  I did not experience any side effects.  My only dislike about the treatment is that it has to be infused.  The Mediport does make this much more easy and tolerable.
After trying many other medicines, Lyrica is the only one that has helped me with my fibromyalgia pain. It is great. Lyrica has given me a new life.
For prevention, I give Depakote a 10 . I was having migraines 7 days a week. Mine began at the age of 4 (at least that 's when I was old enough to put words to how it felt in my head. Dr. said I 'd probably had them long before that). I have genetic and environmental migraines. Lucky me!  I was in a test group that tried Depakote to see if it worked for prevention of migraines.  I went 14 days without a headache for the first time in 10  years.  That was almost 30 years ago.  Then the weight gain started. I already had a yoyo weight problem.  My weight (at 6 ' tall for a female) had never gone over 190.  On Depakote it skyrocketed to 262 lbs.  Not nice!  I told my neurologist who told me it was all in my head.  Changed doctors taking Topamax now!
After having asthma for 23 years, using my inhaler four to eight times daily, and no preventative inhalers ever working, I was given Symbicort.  At first I thought it was just another expensive inhaler that wouldn 't work, but I was shocked.After one day I was using my inhaler twice a day, and after the first week I went over 24 hours without using a rescue inhaler (the first time in 23 years!).  While I still carry it around, I used it 0-2 times daily (a big improvement!).  Inhalers that lasted two weeks now last six weeks, or longer.I have noticed that I get a chest pain (like soreness) when I first started, or restart after forgetting it for a week or two.  It eventually goes away.
I was having erectile dysfunction problems with my new partner, tried Cialis to no effect then was prescribed 100mg Viagra. Although expensive it was well worth it! I now get erections like I did when I was 20 (I 'm 47)!. If you have erectile dysfunction get to your doctor, and get them prescribed, YOU WON 'T REGRET IT!
I love this birth control. I have had no weight gain, mood swings and my skin is really clear from it. The only thing is that my breasts did get bigger but I don 't see that as a downside.
I have been in pain for years. I did massage therapy, physiotherapy, yoga, ran, walked and weights.  Finally, my Doctor gave me a script for Celebrex - Instant pain relief in both my neck and lumbar. It is November 11, 2015 and I am going to celebrate tonight. I am pain FREE!
I have a diagnosis of Bipolar 1 spectrum that has been classified as treatment resistant as no meds have allowed for me to have much success without dire side effects or polarizing symptoms. I was put on 100mg. 3 times a day. After 4 years of major rapid cycling mood symptoms Gabapentin worked immediately with no side effects. Its so strange to wake up feeling great and to go to sleep at night feeling great. I even have made many new friends and had several job offers since I started this miracle drug. No depression or mania for 2 weeks. So incredibly grateful
This morning I got my period!! One day early and so happy to have it. In the heat of the moment my partner and I were careless with our birth control. It was week 2 of my cycle. I took the Plan B pill 17 hours after intercourse. I read that taken within 36 hours it is 95% effective. That fact along with all of the positive reviews on here got me through the next few weeks without completely freaking out. Now I can add my own positive review, phew!! I had minimal side effects. Nothing I would make a fuss about!
The medicine works great but gives me headache, diaharrea, and nausea upon waking.
Never in my life have I written a review for anything i 've taken, yet I felt the need to write this as I suffered the same symptoms as many people that has already reviewed. I only wore black t shirts or tanks, could never wear color due to sweating like a dog in my armpits for no reason. Large, visible dark wet spots under my arm for no reason just sitting in class. Was pessimistic about Hypercare as many things haven 't worked in the past but take my word for it: this stuff will change your life! Take your chance and free yourself of the silent trauma of sweating profusely.
In the beginning I was emotional and all over the place &amp; I also broke out . I am now near the three end mark and my skin has improved tremendously. I do have scars and I 've never been one to get scars from picking at pimples but I 'm not sure if the pills had something to do with it or picking at them did . Other than that , all the side effects have subsided and my skin is the clearest it has been in a loooong long time !!
I have been on this medication since February 2008. I have more energy and less fatigue. I still have my days, but this medication is a God send. Initially, my hair began to thin, but with supplements and proper hydration for my hair, it has levelled and is beginning to thicken again. If you are taking this medicine and have some of the side effects, please give it some time. I am glad I did.
My experience with Ovace Plus has been amazing.  I 've tried over the counter shampoo like Nizoral and Loprox (prescription) and nothing has worked for my dandruff like Ovace.  They stopped making it for a while and I freaked out.  Its now back!  Please try it, not only did it do wonders for my scalp but it even seemed to help the skin around my hair line in my face.  It was $50 with my prescription but ask the doctor for Ovace discount card and you might be able to get it for $20.  You won 't be disappointed.
I 've had the same results as others who 've posted, but with a generic version of Valtrex (valacyclovir).  The generic works just as well.
I have been on it for 2 yrs CD4 900-1000, undetectable viral load. Started at 356 CD4 &amp; 27K viral load. Have not noticed any side effects, I take it before bed at night. Missed 1 dose in two yrs so I have good adherence which you need for any of the antiviral medicines to work.
I have been diagnosed with MDD, GAD, and OCD. I have tried many medications including Lexapro, Wellbutrin, and Effexor. After a major depressive episode during the summer of 2009, I was prescribed Pristiq at 50 mg. Within days I was feeling energetic and happy with no side effects except weight loss! In addition, I am slowing weaning myself off of Cymbalta. Cymbalta worked well for my anxiety/panic attacks for the past four years, but left me with no sexual desire. I am down to 30mg from 60mg. I take Klonopin 2x daily as well. Pristiq was truly a life saver. I just hope once I 'm off Cymbalta I can reach the Big O.
I was very nervous about trying Implanon after reading all the negative reviews, but went ahead with it anyway.  The procedure was quick and practically painless.  The spot was tender for a few days and I did have an ugly bruise and now a tiny scar, but nothing that is too terrible.I started Implanon while I was on my period, which lasted for about 21/2 weeks, give or take.  But the bleeding was minimal and it wasn 't too bad.  Then after that period ended, nothing.  I haven 't had a period since I had the device inserted in December of 09.  I haven 't noticed any weight gain or unusual moodiness. This has been the best birth control I 've ever been on.  My advice, give it a chance.  Don 't let the negative reviews scare you away!
Amazing. 3 weeks ago my face was very red and burned like fire. I had developed deep red papules all over my nose and my upper cheeks. Total strangers stared at my face and asked me if I was OK a few times. I was so embarrassed I started staying home from social activities.3 weeks after starting Doxycycline and Metrogel my face is 95% healed. My normal skin tone is for the most part restored. I only have a single tiny papule on my nose that is a light red color and not deep red. The deep red color and burning sensation are gone.I still have a pink tone to my nose and cheeks, but it is not unattractive and I actually feel comfortable going out without makeup on now.
I 've only been using Aviane for two months, but in those two months, I 've seen great improvement!  I switched from a different pill that caused weight gain and loss of libido.  There are NO libido issues with Aviane, and I 'm already down a few pounds.  I can take this pill continuously without any breakthrough bleeding or queasiness.  It 's great.
I 've been on NuvaRing for almost two years now with little problems. I switched from the pill because the various kinds I tried made me super hormonal. the Nuva Ring is easy in, easy out. Not felt during sex for my partner. More recently I have noticed being dry for no reason even when I 'm extremely turned on, and I have gained 15 pounds since I 've had it with no change in my diet or excercise. I 've gained about 1 cup size also.
I started taking the medication five months ago at a starting weight of about 325 and have lost a little over 70 pounds since then. Only significant side effects have been dry mouth and increased thirst which I count as beneficial because they have caused me to significantly increase my water intake. Weight loss was very rapid at first (probably water weight) and then leveled off to 2-3.5 pounds per week.Qsymia definitely helps control hunger, but it does not eliminate your ability to eat a lot  if you chose to. It just gives you the choice.  So you have to do your part by making diet changes (limiting portion sizes, eliminating sodas, limiting sweets and fast foods, etc.) and exercising to the extent you are able to get results.
I have been on Bydureon for two years and have lost over 30+ pounds along with my sugars now under control. I also take Metformin as an oral as well. In reviewing some of the reviews I agree that in the beginning I had so called lumps but as time has gone by I don 't seem to get them any longer. No burning and once in awhile a little bleeding but that can be cleaned away just like when you are getting blood taken. After all you are injecting into the skin. One of the things I do before taking my weekly scheduled injection is taking the kit out of the refrigerator the day before and getting it down to room temperature. Not sure if this has eliminated lumps or burning but there seems to be a difference. Bydureon has been good to me.
I have been taking Toprol XL for 10 years. I began with 50 mg per day, and am now at 200 mg per day. Unlike another report posted here, I am sleeping better while taking the medication. The only two side effects I 've experienced are shakiness and nervousness when I miss a dose by even a few hours and vague aural hallucinations (hearing things) while on the verge of falling asleep. I 've seen the hallucinations reported by other toprol users on other sites.
I started treatment two months ago with a viral load of 38000 and T-Cell of 259. Today I got my lab results and my T-cell was 419 and viral load was 120 and I haven 't had any negative effects since my start of treatment.
I used Oxycontin to deal with leg and terrible back pain.  I was taking Vicodin, and if I didn 't get ahead of my pain, I ended up using as many as 8 a day.  All of the acetaminophen was damaging my liver.  When I switched insurance companies, I had a regular doctor and a new pain management doctor, who told me that the Oxycontin was a better medicine for chronic pain because it does not have the ups and downs that Vicodin has, because Vicodin only lasts about 4 hours.  I used the medicine for many years.  I now use the Fentanyl patch with great results!
I 'm glad my doctor prescribed this medicine to me.  I was having very heavy cycles, to the point I would wear a pair of depends and 2 overnight pads in them.  I would bleed through that and the clothes I was wearing in less than 45 minutes. I have been taking TA for about a year and my cycles are more manageable.
I was diagnosed with Restless Legs Syndrome back in the  '90 's. I was first prescribed levodopa/carbidopa and it was wonderful at first. However it started losing effectiveness and making me sick during the day at times. Then a new medicine came out- Mirapex and I was put on it at 0.25mg before bedtime. It worked well for several years but had to be upped to 0.5mg. I found that Mirapex controlled my RLS fairly well and I was on it for 12 years! The last year I forced myself to cut back to 0.25mg again and put up with some symptoms. Then, I recently stopped taking it altogether. I have been taking strong vitamin supplements, but they didn 't stop the RLS. However, when I started taking Magnesium, Potassium, and Calcium, and bathing in bath salts the RLS has disappeared.
Worked well. Very few side effects.
I have been on this medication for about 5 years now, 4 tablets a day, down from 6 a day.  Thank goodness it has worked, as when I had attacks, I lost 20lbs in 6 weeks.  Symptoms are pretty much gone, and life returned to normal about 2 months after beginning this medication. I was 55 when diagnosed, and just turned 60 and am doing fine.  I have no apparent side effects.
I 've been taking Oxycodone, 60mg every 4 hours pretty much around the clock now for several years. I 've been lucky and haven 't suffered bad side effects. I 've suffered from severe back pain from trauma, (car accident), 2 hip replacements, &amp; most recently &amp; worst of all RSD/CRPS from shattering my wrist last year. My doctor says that Oxycodone does 'nt work for nerve pain, only musculoskeletal pain. I think it takes the edge off so I can function. Otherwise I 'd be curled up in a ball in the corner somewhere. I tried Gabapentin and Neurontin but the side effects made me crazy. My doctor says that I 'm on too much every month when I see her, and because I am addicted, I 'm afraid she 'll take me off the medication. It just works too well for me.
Hello everyone, I am going to review this medication from 6 years ago because it was the first &amp; only time I had taken it &amp; just got prescribed again today. I had blown out my right knee in 2010 bad enough to be out of work for 7 months working as a corrections officer. I weighed in pre op at 363. I am 6 '4&quot; tall &amp; in 4 months I lost 70+ lbs. went from 363 to 286lbs from Nov. 2010 to March 2010. In that time I injured my back had to dart pain meds &amp; the pain was so bad that I could no longer exercise. All I did was go to work &amp; come home &amp; lay In bed. From 2010 to today I now weigh 449. After a long battle of immobility &amp; depression along with pain meds, I have now made my mind up to grit my teeth and make another change. This med works.
I 'm a 35 year old male and I had no idea that lack of testosterone could have such an effect on the body.  While my sex drive was on the low side, that was not the major problem.  I had been put on various antidepressants over many years.  However, my low testosterone level was the real culprit.  I would advise all men who have depression issues to have their testosterone levels checked.
I recently been on the pill for about a week now and so far I am okay . I started taking the pill the first day of my period which was 9/16/16 and it was supposed to end two days ago 9/22/16 and I am still experiencing bleeding . It is light bleeding more like spotting so I am guessing this is breakthrough bleeding but I was curious as to how long will this last.
50 year old female here.  About 10 years I have been on this; it really takes the edge off! Much more calming.  Prior, I realized I was slowly becoming my father - irritable, impatient, angry, negative. Little things irritated me.  Felt  'rushed ' all the time.  Got worse as I hit 40-ish.  Tried a couple of other anti-anxiety/depressants prior to Citalapram (Celexa), but couldn 't handle side effects.  Being on Citalapram (20mg), which didn 't take long to kick in, I did NOT experience any side effects!  And most important (for me), did not reduce my sex drive at all!  Yes, still achieve orgasms!  Tried to wean myself off it a couple times over the years, and went right back to  'slowly becoming my father '.  So I am staying on this.
I 've been taking Sprintec for 3 months now. I have experienced some side affects. My hormones were unstable so my body had to adjust. When I start a new pack I notice I become sensitive and cry over anything. My periods are lighter. I have not gained weight. My breast have not gotten fuller. I notice I do get nauseous sometimes but rarely. But the beginning was horrible. This is the first birth control I 've ever taken so my body was not used to the hormones and had to re-adjust (I 'm guessing), I would have major mood swings, cry for everything and get really nauseous. Not sure how my boyfriend handled me when I first started taking the pills. But they are super effective and I rarely get mood swings.
I like Linzess and have used it off and on for 2 yrs - however dont take at night time - seems mornings work best.  I had an accident in my sleep - not pleasant and a nightmare. I might have to have dr lower the dosage of 290 to lower one.  I use Miralax normally - but Linzess for the times Miralax is lax on the job.
I 've been using this bc for a year now. The first month I was on it I didn 't notice a change at all but the second month was torture. I had my period for 2 weeks straight, mood swings, headaches, dizziness etc. I was told to just wait it out until the 3rd month ended to see how it went so I did. The 3rd month was much better and by the 4th month my periods only lasted 3 days with very light bleeding. The reason I got on this was for really heavy bleeding so this pill was a blessing! Everything has pretty much been good since then. No acne and I didn 't experience any weight gain until the 10th month but that 's because I 'm not really eating correctly. I still experience mood swings and I have a lack of energy but overall it 's great!
I have been on for 3 weeks and am losing weight. Clothes are loser. I average about 700 calories a day, as that is all I can bear to eat. The sight of food makes me nauseated and I take the med at night because of the drowsiness it produces. It is doing what it promises. Food has taken a back seat in my life for a change. I don 't even think of my next meal, anymore.
The cramps OMG!! Yes it works but the abdominal pain and cramps and nausea.. I 'm not sure it was worth it. Started out slow but after a few hours BAM!!!! I was laying on the couch moaning in pain.. then the urge hit and everything cleared out. Pain seems to subside after using the bathroom. Still on the couch in pain.. I have the rest of the night to make it through. Yes it works.. idk if it 's worth it tho.
So I 've had a YI once before and it was the worst thing of my life. Now I 'm 26 and I was taking doxycycline (antibiotic) that was prescribed to me by my dermatologist. I noticed a few days ago that I was burning and itching. Over the past 2 days it 's been getting worse  and worse, almost unbearable and today I noticed the discharge and knew exactly what it was. I use Noble Formula 2% Pyrithione Zinc (ZnP) Argan Oil Bar Soap (amazon purchase) on my face to treat cystic acne. I remembered that this soap is an anti fungal treatment. So I took a shower and used this to wash, there was a sting but soon went away. When I got out I inserted the M7, warm but not bad. I would highly recommend using the soap for a wash, I truly believe it helped!
I had Skyla placed this morning! Forgot to take Ibuprofen and was slightly terrified! It was no worse than a little pressure and cramping! The cramping has continued on and off for the past 12 hours, but nothing overly intense! Very excited to finally have a different form of contraceptive! Don 't let some of the reviews scare you away!
I am 44 and developed an allergy to an unavoidable food. It took a long time to work out what it was that was almost killing me.  Constantly on prednisone and other heavy duty meds. Once we worked out the problem we reduced my intake of it as much as possible and started on Montelucast and Nuelin. I have my life back. Some side effects but they mostly pass and since I know what is causing them I am able to rationalise and manage it. The alternative for me was far worse. I would have died.
Had my gallbladder removed and they gave me morphine which didn 't really help much but then I ended up with a bile leak due to complications and they put me on dilaudid and every ounce of pain vanished seconds after it was put into my iv.  It made me really sleepy but not nauseous at all. Very addictive but works amazing to relieve extreme pain.
I have been losing my hair gradually for the last 10 years my hairdresser said something about it then I started noticing my hair was falling out by the handfuls  so I got a little nervous and bought Rogaine for women wow this stuff is amazing I can 't believe how thick my hair is after all these years I don 't know why I didn 't try this product sooner but now I am and I 'm glad I did  I haven 't had any side effects from it all go I highly recommend washing your hands after applying it to your hair to prevent transferring it onto your face
I 'm a 33 yr old female 5 '2&quot; and currently 241 pounds. I started working out 4-6 days a week starting beginning of May. On June 3rd my doctor prescribed me Phentermine 15mg capsules. I 'm taking one every morning when I wake up. When I started the medication I weighed 251 pounds. So within two weeks I 've lost 10 pounds. The pill has helped curb my appetite so I 'm not as hungry all the time as before. I still get hungry and because I work out so often I make sure I 'm eating a high protien low fat/carb diet. I use My Fitness Pal to track what I 'm eating and can usually keep it under or at 1200 calories. I 've had NO horrible side effects. The only thing I 've suffered from is dry mouth which is easily corrected with water.
6 weeks in and I 've seen some great results! Started on 86kgs now down to 79.9 kgs. Here are some great pointers for ppl to use.1. An eating plan is very important2. Regular exercise that keeps your hearts pumping at least 3 times a week. 3. Don 't inject more than 1.2ml otherwise it makes you hurl literally, and won 't be able  to keep food down. 4. Have one day off a week with no injection5. Have your cheat meal the day you don 't inject, otherwise it makes you feel sick.
Only thing that really helped my pain.
I started taking this after increased anxiety/panic/depersonalization/derealization after starting a birth control pill (BeYaz).. Celexa has helped my symptoms but I stopped taking my birth control and it has made a WORLD of a difference in my mood. My anxiety and panic are almost gone.. I 've only been on Celexa for 1 month.. and I stopped my birth control 2-3 weeks ago.. Please check into your birth control. I 've NEVER had depression in my life but after starting the birth control I had CONSTANT crying spells, anxiety, panic, etc. Celexa is helping but I think this was all caused by the birth control. Please be careful!!
I started out on Valium 5 mg 4 times a day when I was 22 due to petit-mal seizures. The doctors said my anxiety was causing my blood pressure to go out the roof. At age 29 had a heart attack due to anxiety making my BP so high I was in V fib. Now at age 38 I 'm taking Xanax 2 mg 3 times a day. For me all the antidepressants cause some kind of stimulation hat makes my anxiety worsen so I stopped the SSRI 's. It is working for now but I fear what happens when this doesn 't work anymore what am I going to do. So tired of having anxiety and panic disorder. I don 't think too many doctors understand what a profound problem this causes in ones life. So really express how you really feel to your Doc.
I have taken Xanax for over ten years. I used to have full blown panic attacks. I take Xanax when I feel one coming on and it disappears quickly. I could not live or cope without them. They are a lifesaver. I take 1mg tablets three times a day.
wonderful
Wow, what a roller coaster ride! Started on 25mg, no effect, then 50, 200 finally 400. It did stop the cluster headaches, but Extreme confusion, serious loss of hearing, forgetfulness, couldn 't remember my phone number! My wife wouldn 't let me drive at 400mg, I was dangerous, parking became very difficult, once I had to get out of the car and let her park. Frustrating and humiliating. In the end, I was down to 50mg a day, Doc said that wasn 't causing any side effects at that low dose. WRONG! When I finally stopped, it took a couple of weeks to become me again. I was shocked at the difference it made being off of it. Some of my hearing came back thankfully. I did lose 30 pounds that did not come back.
I didn 't get motion sickness until AFTER we got off our 7 day cruise.  I have been fighting nausea and dizziness for a week now (The doctor said it is normal to suffer this after a cruise), after reading these reviews, I went and bought Bonine. I took one pill and I feel great!  Sure wish I had researched this a week ago!
After a diagnosis of ADHD, ODD and RAD the psychiatrist prescribed Concerta. So far after 1 week of use, the hyperactivity, aggression, and zoning out has either stopped or come to minimal.  The side affects seem to be weight gain and loss of appetite.
This has been very helpful for me.  My sleeping pattern has been messed up for years since having a daughter with a significant disability which included among many other things a sleeping disorder. Ambien has enabled me to fall asleep consistently after a short period of time trying to fall asleep whereas I used to more often than not lay awake for hours before falling asleep.  It is interesting for me that there has been a couple of times where I was not able to go to bed for over an hour after taking it and it didn 't seem to make me feel any more groggy or sleepy, but when I did finally go to bed, I fell right asleep.
I have been on Arixtra for 4 years now and am in law school.  I had tried all the other medications for DVT 's and pulmonary embolism, which I have had both and this is the only one that allows me to have a normal life.
I took Caduet which contains Lipitor for two years and had leg cramps and developed a chronic cough with asthma. I got off the medication and started taking Crestor 5mg  and I love it. No cramps no cough and it lowered my cholesterol even at the reduced dosage.
I 've always had extremely heavy, long periods. My depression and anxiety would flare up the week prior and I would be exhausted the two days leading up to starting of it every month. I tried a few other birth controls in the past but either had suicidal thoughts or got pregnant. I opted for Chateal through an online service because well, frankly anything was better than what my body went through naturally. I 've been on Chateal for over a year now. My depressive episodes are much farther apart and come on much slower. My bleeding lightened up over time from several super plus to maybe one regular and panty liners. No nausea as others reported and I take mine in the AM with food.
This medication has been very effective for my anxiety. I 've taken 75mg for the past 9yrs. No more heart palpitations or tightness in my chest. I have tried others prior to the Elavil, but found I woke up with a hangover and a out of body feeling. If Ii forget to order refill before I run out it takes a 3 days to feel the effects. 
I just started this drug about a week ago and it made all my paranoid thoughts go away, something Risperdal was never able to do for about almost 10 years I 've been on it. I 'm 22 now and I started Risperdal when I was either 13 or 14. Before I was on olanzapine which made me gain a lot of weight in the hospital when I was 13, it made me gain 20 lbs or more I think, and on Risperdal I 've gained a lot of weight every year too. Now I 'm 166 and I 'm really afraid about being 200 lbs so I 'm going to switch completely to Geodon because I heard a lot of amazing reviews about it. I 'm not getting any side effects at all and I 'm feeling much better. I 'm on Paxil, Risperdal, Geodon, Lamictal and I 'm going to try to get off of Paxil and Risperdal completely.
Lexapro has worked really well for my anxiety/depression issues. The only down side is that it pretty much killed my sex drive. In the process of finding a remedy for that, for my husband 's sake!
I have just completed my first month on Contrave and I have lost 15 lbs!  I also made a huge diet change cutting carbs/sugars and started working out on the treadmill 30 min in the mornings.  My all day energy has really increased.  I was skimming the reviews and thankfully, I have not had any of the side affects that others have had.  I make sure to take after I 've had some breakfast, like I do with vitamins.  The only challenge I have found is getting all fours pills in.  I 've got to carry them in the evening to ensure I have them with me to take.  I have had a small bit of constipation, but I have increased my daily fiber pills and things got better.  I 'm looking forward in seeing what month 2 can do for me :)
I LOVE THIS. I have had my Implanon since March 2012 and it is great. There will be times that I go for about 2 or 3 months with no period and then get one for 2 weeks. But it doesn 't bother me. I don 't get cramps anymore and I wrestle with my kids and my boyfriend and I never notice the implant at all. No negatives to this! I hope that everyone learns the joy of this!
I have used Provigil for about 4 years now and I really like it.  I feel completely normal when I take it. In fact the only time I notice the drug is when I forget to take it.  However, it is costly but I did find a substantial discount in my insurance 's mail order program.  Also, for someone who asked earlier, I stopped taking Progivil as soon as I found out I was pregnant. There is too little known yet and my kid was not going to be the Gineau Pig.  Surprisingly, something changed because of being pregnant and I did surprisingly well for thoes 8 months. I just made sure to take regular naps.
Sick for 4 weeks, went to Doctor.  Ear infection, sinus infection and bronchitis prescriptions of Augmentin and Mucinex.  Since 6 months earlier I had pneumonia that took me out of work for short term disability, when I heard the tell tale &quot;rattling&quot; on my left side 8 days later, went back to Doctor.  So after 5 weeks of coughing, sneezing, headaches and overwhelming tiredness, I received a shot of this.  I had not had a shot of anything for many years and it did hurt.  I am not a wimpy, owy person.  It did hurt.  It hurt for 45 minutes.  But the next morning, I woke without coughing up a lung, rested, and feeling better than I had for a month.  The second day (now) I am headed out to cut the grass after vacuuming the house. Yeah.
I 'm 19, started this when I was 18 and within a month and a half, all my acne was gone. Very happy :)
Took My Way 6 hours after having unprotected sex. He actually came inside me with no condom on. My period was 5 days late. No pain before period came or after taking the pill. Cramps are more intense than usual during period but other than that, no side effects. This pill works.
This medicine has changed my life. On for 2 months now. Almost didn 't try because of bad postings. 46 y.o. male with lifetime insomnia, worse the last 8 years. Off and on sleeping pills and self medicating daily with alcohol was destroying my marriage and life. Sleep 7 hrs   every night without fail now. A little slow to get going first thing in the morning but otherwise feel like I 'm 20 again. Taking 200mg at bedtime. Zero weight gain. Just had bloods. Cholesterol 140, Triglycerides 53, glucose 79. I work out daily, eat extremely healthy, take no other medicines, and have had no alcohol for 2 months with zero desire for it.
I was walking the streets at night before I started Effexor. Diagnosed with obsessive compulsive disorder. Been on it over 10 years. Once in a while I try to ween myself off and I start to have those terrible feelings again. I will stay on it the rest of my life. I can live normally.
In 1990 due to the stress of my father and my husband having life-threatening health issues, I, who was a very healthy person, wound up in the doctor 's office explaining of my excruciating abdominal pain, my weakness, nausea, and desire to sleep.  I was given a prescription for Librax. and was told if it was Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Librax would help me. It was a life-saver!  Since then I 've suffered three or four episodes, but none as severe as the first two.  They always come during a time of  'life stress ' issues.  No insurance.  No negative side effects of Librax for me!
Taking Wellbutrin 300XL for a while now. Previously used a SSRI which had little to no effect in that I would contemplate suicide nearly daily and had zero interest in life in general.Now I actually want to do things again, I am enjoying life and I have more energy. I can 't say enough how well this drug has worked for me. Only side effect I 've experienced is decreased appetite and I 've lost a few pounds, which for me is a good thing.
Had sleep problems since College (43 years old now). Took all the normal heavy duty sleep medicines like Valium and even Benadryl. These only put me in a half sleep state and made me feel horrible for days on in. After 20  years of suffering from insomnia and after a bout with meningitis in 2000 my friend, a neurologist who was seeing me for post meningitis asked me how I was sleeping. I told her I haven 't had a good nights sleep in over 20 years.  She wrote a script for Ambien.  I have never been so in love with a pill in my life as I am with Ambien. I fall asleep within 15 minutes, get a good 7 hours hard sleep and wake up bright and early and feel rested like I have not felt in decades. Ambien is a miracle drug and thanks to the genius who made it.
after 3 (three) weeks it cleared the main area on legs and buttocks, needed a extra week to clear the groin.
I had hit rock bottom and I finally went to someone who knew what they were talking about. They put me on Topamax and I am fine now thanks to my doctor. Thank you to everyone who cared enough to pay attention to my well-being.
My high-functioning ASD son started taking 5mg of Abilify at age 11 to control his irritability and aggressive outbursts ( never hurt anyone else, but would throw himself repeatedly into the wall when he became frustrated ). The Abilify helped immensely. At age 14, a new physician wanted to see how he would handle being off the medication. Seemed okay for the first month, but by month three he ended up in the emergency room on a hold for suicidal ideation. He was immediately put back on Abilify and things started getting better. Now at age 16, he takes 15mg once a day. He 's more social, more conversational, and just doing well overall. His weight is ideal for his height.
I just finished my first month of citalopram and I have to say I have never felt better. My agitation and anger has gone down significantly as has my anxiety. I feel as if I can let things go easier now. Through starting citalopram I realized that I had dysthymia because I didn 't understand that people didn 't feel the way I did on a daily basis until I started the medication and felt my mood improve significantly.Only side effects I had was drowsiness and constipation which was improved by drinking more water. Overall, I am so happy I started citalopram because I feel so much better now.
I must say I have been through a lot of medicines. Wasted money but most of all watching my kid struggle with his high anxiety and his inability to focus or sit down. He now focus better in school and his teacher describes him as on task now and takes time to ask her questions if needed. I had a lot of nights crying thinking I was a bad mother! I would lose control and not be able to handle his constant stubbornness and defiance he is a beautiful energetic boy with an amazing personality but just needed to be taken down a few notches. This has done the trick. I started off on 1 mg and did not seem to do to much and after three months decided to move to 2. I tried all natural nothing worked. Good luck.
Rating this a 9 because I spotted for a month after insertion.  I have my period every other month with the same flow as before. No weight gain, acne, or mood swings. Just had my first bar removed and another put in. Insertion and removal is easy. The area is numbed with local anesthesia. Every woman is different and it may take some trial and error to find a birth control that works for you! I chose this BC because I was sick of having to worry about the pill. Plus, Implanon is practically 100% effective! Don 't be scared of all the negative reviews. Most people only  write reviews when they are displeased!
I 'm prescribed 1mg of Xanax as needed. If I ever feel very anxious and take Xanax, my anxiety level tunes down to a 1. I 'm almost too relaxed. However, Xanax can be very habit forming, so only take your dose.
I had been a 1-1/2 pack per day smoker for over 30 years. After a stage IV cancer diagnosis - very ironically not associated with smoking - I had to quit as it would have a detrimental effect on surgery recovery and follow-on treatment with radiation and possibly chemotherapy (radiation burns in my throat in particular). A medical oncologist suggested Chantix and after having attempted to quit several times in the past, it was finally successful. I only needed to use the Chatix for four weeks. In a month I was done and have been for over six years now. On very rare occasions I can taste tobacco and nicotine in my mouth, but there 's no physical or mental cravings. No side effects of note for me; just ability to quit that had failed before.
I was diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome. Took Clomid, Pregnant first month with TWINS! 3 months later, pregnant again (single birth) all on my own...no more Clomid. I had no side effects with Clomid. All 3 are perfectly healthy. Did I mention the twins are 28 now? Yes. For everyone who is taking or thinking of taking the medicine knowing that there are 28 year old perfectly healthy Clomid babies might make you feel more at ease! I know it would have been a relief for me to have heard some positive news 28 years ago while pregnant!
I have been taking Vyvanse for a couple of months now for my ADHD and BED, 40 mg seems to work fine with minimal side effects. My doctor recommended that I only take it on work days and give my system a break on weekends. However, I noticed that my binge eating has gotten way out of control on days that I don 't take it, to make up for the loss of appetite during the week I guess. I mean, I eat constantly!  Is anyone else having this problem?
OMG !!!  I SWEAR I 'M NOT A PAID PERSON !!!!I 've got a bad back and in the past I 've used this and that with no success after spending all that money.   I 'm 288 pounds.  I eat NO JUNK FOOD, NO FAST FOOD, NO BREAD,RICE 'S, PASTA 'S ! All I do is juicing fruits n veges and take belviq. I lost nearly 10 lbs in a week!!!
I am a 72 year old female, diagnosed with RA 6 years ago.  I took Plaquenil (200x2) from 2012-2016, along with Prednisone to start.  Due to the fact, I could not use my hands because of the swelling, I risked the possible vision problems.  By 2012, symptom free and still fearful of vision loss, I stopped the drug.   I was pain and symptom free for one year, but now symptoms have returned, and I have been told to restart the drug(no prednisone.)  In the 4 years taking it, I went from 95 lbs. to 85 lbs., lost a significant amount of  hair, had cataract surgery and, now, macular degeneration.  The decision to restart is extremely emotionally stressful, weighing the benefits against the risk. (Dr. says neither eye problem was caused by the drug
I 've had 2 back surgeries for herniated disks.  The second surgery wasn 't successful and I have constant nerve pain along the right side of my leg all the way to the ankle.  MS Contin ER has helped a great deal.  I take 45mg every 8 hours.  I also take MS Contin Immediate Release for breakthrough pain (15mg up to 4 times a day).  All in all, thumbs up.
I have been on this medication a couple of years for supraventricular tachycardia and hypertension and have not had ONE episode of SVT since being on it.  I used to get SVT once or twice a month, so this medicine has truly made my life better.  The problem I now face is with my insurance company since they are hiking up non-generic co-pays to 4 times as much as before.   Since there is no generic until 2011, I must either forego this medicine and try something else or pay something I can 't afford.   This is frustrating when I know the medicine works.
My experience with this medication was a wicked on right off the bat with having to take 3 pills 4 x a day and no dairy products.  Day one :was OK , but day two :my mouth taste like metal . Day three : I had 2 sores in my mouth after that I was fine until day seven. I didn 't have enough water I 'm my body and became dehydrated and got so sick nauseated. What helped was to stay hydrated and drink 8oz of water with each dose and at my bed time dose I had a banana as well . It helped a lot , it is a rough regimen to follow especially with all the pills. Not to mention you do need a full meal with every dose because it 's very aggressive to the infection. It also removed enamel off my teeth. It worked took breath test I 'm cured.
Severely inflamed Achilles tendons, rotator cuffs issues plus slipped disc pain in the neck. The past 3.5 years my life has been about pain all over. No-one would listen. Went to see a podiatrist and he prescribed Cymbalta 60mg. Felt much better the first day. However had 2 days on being constipated. Now, I can walk without pain. My whole body is more relaxed and I teamed the Cymbalta with an anti-inflammatory vitamin mix. I was recently told by my chiropractor that my body is very hyposensitive and swollen. So yes feeling much relieved.
I was completely skeptical of this pill after my boyfriend 's condom broke and he finished inside me. I had no side effects that people talk about. But remember - side effects aren 't proof it 's working! However I really thought my life was over. Sure enough, today I got my period on time. It 's a little more painful than usual and the pill was expensive but I 'm willing to take any amount of pain and pay any amount of money over a pregnancy. This pill saved me! If you 're skeptical too, relax! It works!
I 'm a 42 year old male with cystic fibrosis. Survived until 38 with no medication but constant diarrhea. Could not tolerate fatty foods or alcohol - made me very nauseous and big weight swings. Creon has stopped all this completely and life is much happier and healthier. The little Creon carry pack makes taking creon 25,000 with meal easy. Very happy.
The only pill I take for headaches, pains and insomnia and I wouldn 't change it.
35 years on ativan
I have taken this medication for 6 years. I have no side effects. I take it continuously and do not get a period. It has improved my life so much. I have so much less pain. I had tried so many different birth control pills and this is the one that works for me.
To me, this is the ONE medicine I can not live without. I have had to try others due to insurance, and none comes even close! Within 15-30 even the strongest, wanting to smash my head-in migraine will be totally gone! No side effects for me either. Never makes me tired, groggy or the medicated feeling. Taken on empty stomach while in college class and had no problems finishing the class and going home to play with the kids and not the mom who was hiding in a dark room with no noise allowed in the house.
I have been using salazopyrin for many years and have found it excellent. I am in remission at the moment and am taking 2 tablets a day as a  'holding ' dose. I move it up to 5 or 6 when I have an episode which can last for up to a year.
This medicine has worked wonders for me, my prolaction levels are down, my periods back to normal and also I have lost 8lbs only been taking it for 6 weeks, also my sex drive is fabulous. I feel normal again I feel like myself. There is one downside, my nose is always blocked, but all the positives out way the negatives. 0.5 twice a week.
I have had for forty years and have primarily used exercise to combat damage to knee.  It has gotten worse over that past year as I approach 60.  I was offered different treatments because this one had least amount of side effects. I was very impressed the relief to pain and the general feeling in the joint.  I am sold and plan to monitor how long the relief lasts.  For now I would recommend it to my friends.
I 'm a 54 year old male, no medical issues except weight.  I started phentermine on July 18, 2013 at 250 lbs.  I weighed in today at 233 lbs. I 've lost 17 lbs in 28 days.  I 've eaten mainly meat and vegetables, drank water only, lots of water.  I exercise 3 times a week cardio and weights for about 1 1/2 hours.  The only side effects I 've experienced is a dry mouth and occasional minor dizziness.  I would highly recommend phentermine for any one who is serious about losing weight.
Suboxone is the best thing that ever happens to me! Before Suboxone I was on pills doing bad things that I would never do! I have 4 wonderful children that I lost due to my drug use! Pills were number one, my kids and family and loved ones came last. I lost everything, myself, my kids, my family and the one man I loved so much. Then I found hope I found a Doctor that said I want you to try a pill called Suboxone and to be honest it saved my life. I no longer use pills I am on Suboxone daily. I am on the right track I am going to outpatient daily. I go to meetings and I take my medication the right way. I am on the right track to getting my 4 great kids back but most important me back. If I can do it anyone can.
Initially, I was prescribed Ativan for anxiety related to menopause. I took 0.25 mg every few days for that. Then, after a death in my immediate family, I began taking 0.25 to 0.5 mg almost every afternoon.  My prescription reads &quot;1 mg up to 3 x daily as needed&quot;.  I have never needed more than 0.5 mg a day. I have not felt the need to increase beyond that dose. Ativan helps me think clearly and removes the stress that is pretty prevalent in my life at the moment. It also allows me to rest at night.
This is the second time using this medication.  First time no problem and cleared my condition.  Second time felt upset stomach, very tired with burning eyes, just not feeling well.The medication does a terrific job to clear up this type of infection; of which I get frequently.
Prescribed 2mg 1x day take for sleep or rest for manic episodes. I had been going on 80 hours no sleep and no relief with current meds. Dr. Prescribed this immediately and within 90 minutes I was calmed down and able to sleep. Highly recommend for anyone who has had failure with other medications as I have.
Amazing medication! My teenager has severe ADHD, and it has turned her life around! She is able to be her true self, but before her severe ADHD often overshadowed her great personality. She does have depression and anxiety but the Vyvanse does not cause that. The medicine did make her lose almost 25 pounds, and she was in 9th grade and she weighed 99 pounds. She was really small, and we almost had to take her off the medicine, but she eventually started gaining weight. She is still very small, but her weight is healthy. It does make her a bit more irritable, but it 's nothing compared to the rage she had before the medicine. Vyvanse has finally been able to get rid of that ADHD, and help her think clearly, and be herself!
After a week and a half I noticed I didn 't think about smoking as often. I had completely quit within the first 2 weeks. I haven 't had an urge to smoke since. It has been 3 months and I have absolutely no desire to smoke. The smell is awful, but I can even stand to be around it with no urge to light back up. Chantix is worth every penny! Trying to get my friend to try it as well.
The first month I got nexpanon on in my arm I had some bad side effects like back pain cramps and nausea  but after that first month I didn 't have any other side effects I did have a longer period I usually had literally a 3 day period in the first month of using nexplanon on I had it for two weeks but then I would miss periods or they would be short and now I don 't get them at all I think it takes up too atheist 3 months for it to settle in your body which is why I was having some bad side affects but now I love it and it really at depends on  your body as we are all so different  ...So before you decide to get rid of it wait at least 3 months and if you don 't like it after that remove it try something else.
I had torn meniscus surgeries x2 , then bone on bone in L knee and pain in R knee. Cortisone shots x2 no relief . Just finished Euflexxa  x3 in both knees last week . Feel so much better can walk without cane , can sleep. Very happy so far. I 'm only 55  and active so not being able to do a lot was hard
This antidepressant has been a blessing in my life. I was 25 lbs underweight due to depression, and also had speratic sleeping. The side effects are a benefit for me. It makes you hungry, especially after you take it at night. Crave lots of carbs, and have been eating like I have never before. I have gained 11 lbs in just 1 month on Remeron. It also has a nice sedation effect to help with sleep. When I take my 30mg dose at night, I have everything ready because after 45 minutes I can barely keep my eyes open, and then get a great night sleep. Side effects are worse during the first week, and then everything balanced out! If you suffer from sleep and or eating, then Remeron could be the biggest blessing in your life also. It gave me hope.
I 've been on it about a year, and love it. It took a few months for my body to settle into it. The combined oral birth control pill gave me problems of high blood pressure, etc. No pregnancy, only one month where my period was about a week and a half late and after that I had two periods a month for two months. Now I 've settled back into it. I have actually lost weight and before I started dieting my breast size had increased by about a cup size. It was great! I still like it and then I 'm happy to continue it.
I started taking Vitamin D3 along with Omega-3 a few years ago. The combination of the two really helped my physical energy and brought my blood pressure down from 150-160 systolic, 100-110 diastolic, to 102-125 systolic and 75-85 diastolic. I also lost 75 lbs with little effort. Vitamin D is a great supplement.
Best and least expensive. Came off Celexa because of side effect. Be patient, it works in about 3 weeks.
When I started chemo again for the third time, I was surprised that I had a lot more issues with nausea and loss of appetite, and also fatigue, then I did the other chemos. The previous times I only had 2 days of loss of appetite. Now I was experiencing 4 - 5 days of stomach upset, acid reflux and extreme fatigue. My chemo is Carboplatin  and Gemzar. I tried other nausea medicines that weren 't very effective, or made me very drowsy. The Dexamethasone 4mg dose -1 pill in the morning, did the trick. My doctor also gave me a pill for indigestion. I could eat anything, and wasn 't tired. I know I can 't stay on it for very long, but I hope it will be OK for the next 9 weeks I have left of Chemo.
I have taken Kava Kava in 10-mg capsules for insomnia because I work shift work and have trouble relaxing when I need to at times.  I buy powdered root from a reputable company and put it in gel caps.  It works very well for me and I have been taking it for years with nothing detrimental to report.  I have taken melatonin in the past but then had periods after where I couldn 't sleep without it.  I sleep fine on my days off without taking Kava and have never awoke drowsy.
Benicar is great.  I have been using it for 4-5 yrs now.  I had an initial period of being light-headed for a few weeks when I first started the medicine, but after that, no problems whatsoever.  Keeps my blood pressure around 115-70.  My bottom figure had been around 95.  Benicar is more expensive than a lot of the other hypertension medicines, but it is well worth it for me.
I have been on orlistat for 6 months. I feel amazing I have gone down 3 dress sizes from down to a 12/14. I was 15 stone and a BMI of 41. I am now 10 stone 13 pounds and my BMI is 29.88. I am still overweight but I am still losing weight and hope to lose another stone. Hope though will motivate some one else to lose weight.
Was recommended to me by a nurse. Had pneumonia and had this persistent, annoying cough for 3 weeks after. Tessalon Perle worked like a charm within the first 4 hours. Definitely need to keep this on hand as a working Flight Attendant
I have had Hep. C for nearly 40 years and was always very tired. It got to the point I could only work 4 hours a day. I started Epclusa in May and at first had headaches and some nausea. I am now viral free as of my last blood test in August. I do have more energy but I have now have gastritis and haven 't felt well for two months with this problem. Now taking Nexium,  liquid silver but still persists.
I absolutely love this! If I don 't have it I cannot sleep. And I kick my husband out of bed. So you could say this medicine has saved my marriage. 
I 've been taking this medicine for almost two years (took hyoscyamine for several years before that) and it really makes a big difference with my irritable bowel syndrome. I really only need to take two pills each morning and that gets me through my day.  If my family eats out at a restaurant, I take two pills before leaving home.  I do experience a bit of dry mouth and my eyes also get dried out (not the best side effect, but not the worst, either!).  Overall, I highly recommend this medicine for those who suffer from IBS.
After suffering for almost 20 years with severe acne and cystic acne. I have been on Duac for only 3 weeks and have seen the biggest change than with any other treatment I 've tried.Almost all acne has gone, only cystic acne that will take longer due to being so far under the skin.It 's amazing, I 've not felt my skin this smooth since I was 9 years old. No new acne breakouts since being on this either. Which is amazing because I 'd normally have one or two new ones every day..LOVE this stuff
i was afraid to try this due to some bad reviews.I was getting so depressed staying awake all night and sleeping when the world was living. I tried 10mg with no effect but 20 mg is such a blessing. I fell asleep within an hour and had a restful sleep with no peculiar dreaming. I awoke with no grogginess and all perky and ready to go! I got 10 tabs of 10mg with a voucher and am getting 20 mg with a voucher. After that-I hope my doctor can work with Humana to get the medication at a decent cost. I am 72 and don 't have to get up for work-i am sad for all you insomniacs who have to rise and shine for all your obligations. I am praying for you.
I suffer from ADHD, Bipolar Disorder, and PTSD.  Saphris has helped take the edge off the bipolar symptoms.  I would have to leave the office whether to walk around the building or to go to the bathroom to splash water on my face, but now I can stay at my desk the entire day most days and am good with only leaving for bathroom breaks or to go get water.  I went from having PTSD nightmares 1 - 6 nights a week and waking up myself and my fianc&eacute;e from moaning, growling, or yelling to having the nightmares about once a week on average or sometimes even going a week without any.  I take it at bedtime and within 10 - 15 minutes, I am really drowsy and falling asleep, which has also helped me.  As a result of these last two, I am now more rested
I was terrified to try Zoloft! I read all the reviews and kept putting it off. Afraid I would suffer and afraid to give it a try. I was taking klonopin and my doctor cut it off. Told me to start taking Zoloft. I went through weeks of hell while I was debating on starting. I could barely drive I was struggling with sadness and moods all over the place and I finally decided I couldn 't live like this anymore. I tried Zoloft starting at 25 mg for the first week - the only side affect I had was mild nausea and tiredness at first - after three days it was hardly noticeable. The fear I had to start trying zoloft kept me from feeling as good as I do now - I 'm so grateful I tried it and hope anyone scared to will just do it. I 'm glad I did
My doctor prescribed this medication for my type 1 rosacea redness.  On day one, it worked really well and I was red-free for 12 hours.  I did notice a slight stinging sensation, but nothing too bad.  By day two, the stinging had resolved itself and I again had a red free face.  My doctor told me to use a very small amount, spread thinly, and this seems to work well.  This medication has given me my life back!
I had very mild acne from 15 up to 17. My acne then became moderate. I tried the acne line exposed. With very little success. Once I discontinued the use of the exposed skin care line. My acne became moderate to severe. At the time I was moving out, traveling to a new state, and finding a job/college. Needless to say it was a very stressful time. from there I went on Keflex. cleared half  my back and slightly improved my face over the course of 3 months. Eventually I went on Doxycycline with tretinin cream 0.5 percent. Also proactive plus in the mornings. It has almost been a month and I am almost acne free.  I did not have a bad outbreak. No side effects whatsoever. I can take on a empty stomach. Although I recommend eating and drinking.
It was very helpful.
I recommend Chantix to everyone that smokes.  I have not had a cigarette in over 4 years thanks to Chantix.  I had tried everything from gum to hypnosis and nothing would work.  I found that while on Chantix if I had a craving for a cigarette all I needed was enough will power to hold off for 5 minutes and the craving went away.  I only had craving at those obvious times like after a meal or behind the wheel of my car.  5 Minutes and the craving goes away.  If you can handle some of the side effects of Chantix and you are ready to quit, you will Quit.
I had sex the day before I was due to ovulate. Just my luck, the condom broke and he came inside me. I took Plan B about an hour after the incident. The only side effects I experienced were light nausea and cramping. I was convinced it didn 't work since I was so fertile at the time. I spent two weeks reading reviews like these and over-analyzing every little change in my body! A week and a half after I took the pill, I started experience brown discharge and was worried that it was implantation bleeding. Thankfully today, three days later, AF arrived right on time!!! I would say this pill is effective, but the paranoia that comes with waiting around for your next period is enough to drive you insane.
I would just like to say that Epiduo is the only thing that could get rid of the thousand terrible zits on my face! I have tried everything and Epiduo was the only one. If I would have found Epiduo a couple years ago I wouldn 't of gone through all of this! At first it completely broke me out worse  but if you just stick with it I promise you the end results will be so worth it !!!! Thank you Epiduo !!!
I have 4 herniated discs (C1/C2 &amp; L4/L5), Fibromyalgia, and Migraine Headaches. I also have  Atrial Tachycardia, which basically means that my heart beats at extremely fast irregular rates, and the surgery that fixes 95% of these cases won 't work on me.       My Doctor put me on Ultram 60mg 3 times daily and Morphine Sulphate Extended Release 50mg recently. I have to admit, at first I wasn 't thrilled about the Ultrams. I 'd taken them in lower doses before and told my wife I 'd be better off on Tylenol. But I gave them a shot and to my surprise the pain relief was amazing! I love Ultram because I don 't live in &quot;FOG&quot; all the time. I can drive, go to work, play with my Baby and spend time with my family. I would recommend Ultram!
I was never on any birth control before I started Zarah. I waited until I was 23 to lose my virginity and had long since been thinking of getting on something. Myself and my boyfriend aren 't the biggest fans of condoms. I had irregular periods, sometimes they showed up late or every 3 weeks instead of 4, the periods lasting no less than 5 days and going up to 8 days.When I started the Zarah, I was a little extra hormonal for good reason but was okay and all good by the 2nd month. My periods from then on were every 4 weeks and I couldn 't have asked for more. At the moment, I recently stopped taking the pill and got on a longer form of birth control. I used the pill for nearly 3 years with little to no problems, just never forget a pill
Nardil was definitely my wonder medicine. From being scared to go out my door, or have visitors I eventually worked in a large secondary school moved house achieved many things I never dreamt I would do BUT then I was informed it was being discontinued. I was then put on isocarboxazid and problems getting those so then put on Menerix and my condition returned. I have just tried CYMBALTA but having bad side effects so told to come off. Wish I knew what medicine was as good as Nardil.
I am almost done with my first pack of these pills. My nausea and fatigue have disappeared! I feel like I have more energy, and the PMS I experience about a week before my period isn 't there. I will be getting my period early next week. Hope they are a lot better than normal. I recommend this pill to anyone and everyone!
Bactrim did a great job! My whole lower part of the body hurt and burned, it was awful. I couldn 't even walk for a while without feeling strong pain. Going to the toilet was a nightmare and it happened every five minutes. I took Bactrim and the symptoms got worse, but then in two days I was cured. no pain, no nothing. Bactrim is perfect.
I have been on Pristiq for 6 days this is the best I have felt in years. I have been on antidepressants for years.No side effects.
I have been taking Zoloft for just over 2 years for Post traumatic stress disorder and depression. At my worst I was on 150mg and this held me quite well, I was determined not to be on the full 200mg. Initially the shakes and the tiredness bothered me, but not as much as how I felt when I missed a dose. On every increase I would have a day or two where my mind and mouth raced. This provided a few giggles. A huge improvement from crying and refusing to leave the house. Combining therapy and medication has helped me get my life back. I am now on the decrease as the masses of weight I have put on in a short period of time, my least favourite side effect, regardless of how much I exercise and how good my diet is. Just keeps adding on. Now 50mg daily and doing well.
I was 90% covered. Dermatologist took one look at me and put me on Stelara. Within a week, people started remarking that the plaques along my hairline seemed to be fading. After the booster, all but my scalp and back of thighs had cleared, and both of those were greatly diminished. Within six months, the raised red areas where the plaques had been were clear. At one year, all that 's left is minor plaques on my scalp that could be mild dandruff. I have noticed that things like bruises and bug bites seem to take a long time to heal, but given the action of the drug that seems to make sense. My insurance covers the majority of the (expensive!) medication, and there is a program that covers the rest so I have no out of pocket expense on it.
The very best antihistamine for night time use - allows me to sleep through through the night without skin itching or hay fever symptoms.  No &quot;drug hangover&quot; in the morning.
Excellent for pain relief of my hands and knees with no more stomach upset. No side effects noted. Great medicine.
I absolutely love this medicine, it has changed my life. I have had eczema since I was a baby and extremely sensitive skin, to the point where my clothes bother me and just little things that make me very irritable. I started this medication as a liquid when I was three years old, now I am 18 and I take it as a pill everyday. To anyone out there that is questioning taking it, I highly recommend. I haven 't had many side effects but I will warn you, depending on the dosage it basically puts you to sleep. I take it right before I go to sleep and I dont recommend taking it at any other time.
I 've tried every anti-depressant out there and for some reason couldn 't seem to find one that eliminated my problems all at once! Depression, anxiety, panic attacks and a little obsessive compulsive disorder! Just to name a few. I 've been on Lexapro for 4 years now and it 's the best medication of its kind out there. The only time I get a little anxious is if I have had a late night and a few too many drinks but that 's expected. Anyone looking to take anti-depressants with basically no side effects. I highly recommend Lexapro.
Worked well. I took it for 15 days and the only side effect was an after taste.
This medication was seriously a life saver.  I was diagnosed the day after I started showing symptoms and took it pretty much after I left the pharmacy.  I went from a 102 fever to normal within six hours.  It 'd day three and I still have a bit of a cough, but I don 't feel nearly as wretched as I have the past couple of days.  The only complaint I would have is it makes me dizzy if I stand up for too long at a time.
I love this med no side effects no problems at all just stopped my massive anxiety problems I was having almost weekly and I mean want to run to get out of my skin anxiety.. Panic attacks to the max
I suffered with plaque and even worse painful inverse psoriasis for over 40 years.  Through the years I 've tried every prescription from ointments, sprays and pills all with mixed results.  I started on Cosentyx after 3 weeks the inverse psoriasis was completely clear and 6 weeks the plaques were gone  9 weeks I am completely clear head to toe.  My 40 year battle is over.
**4th UPDATE** UPDATE* I have now been on Saxenda since Feb 19th at 208 lbs and on July 23rd 173 lbs current dose of 2.4 , I have lost a total of THIRTY FIVE  lbs in 154 days!!! I am at a standstill but still loosing gradually! Always better than gaining. I still eat no more than 1200 calories a day, most days about 900 calories. I watch my fat and carb intake but not too closely. I will be going up to 3.0 in August. I am super proud!!! My goal weight is 160, so only 13 more lbs to go!! Started at a goal of 48 lbs and now down to 13! How exciting is that! Get past the 1st few days of feeling nauseated and tired and its worth it!! Also coupons on website will save you a ton of money!!
A life of aniexty for as long as I can remember. Stress and events increased my aniexty which turned into depression. I felt like I was losing my mind and couldn 't find the calm through the storm. After having what I 'd call a melt down I knew it was more than I could do alone. Scared and shamed to take the medication route to find relief I put it off for so long. Finally I gave in and thought anything is better than how I was coping. After two weeks of laughing more, thinking/worrying less, and just waking up to a clearer mind I knew. I felt better taking my first step to a healthier, happier life. I have found 25mg has taken the edge off I needed. :) Never give up!
My doctor prescribed 10mg Lexapro for severe anxiety about 5months ago.  The first 4 weeks were really rough as the side effects almost caused me to discontinue the medicine. By the 4th week, I had insomnia.  I couldn 't sleep for several days.  I felt like I was on speed.  So, I cut the pill in half and the next day I felt a difference.  I 've been on 5mg for the last 4 months. And, I must say that it has changed my life for the better.  I no longer have those negative thoughts or bouts of anxiety. Its amazing.  The only side effects that continue are: clenching of the jaw and weight gain due to an increase in appetite. If you take Lexapro, give it 4 to 5 weeks to work before giving up. Best of luck.
I have been taking this pill for 5 months to even out my hormones. It took my body only one week to adjust to the pill, which I don 't think is bad. My period lasts from 2 to 3 days, very very light, no cramps. I do get hungrier before the cycle, otherwise I try to watch what I eat. To all the ladies, everyone 's body will react differently to the pill. The main point is that you have to find the pill which will not affect you in any way. Generess Fe is not a bad pill, it 's just for some people it works, for some it doesn 't. I honestly don 't have any problems with the pill, I feel great. Before the pill, I was depressed, stressed. This helped me get rid of stress, anxiety and depression.
This medicine is a God send. I 've been in recovery for 4 years, pretty much done it all: AA meetings daily, 33 day detox/rehab, IOP, 1:1 therapy at an addiction center, prescriptions for naltrexone and Campral. Two years into treatment, I still wanted to drink. My husband was desperate and suggested Antabuse. I researched it on the internet and was willing to try anything. My primary doc knew I was crazy so he prescribed it. I took it for 3 months, drank once on it...thought I 'd die and that was the end of that. After 3 months, I wasn 't obsessing about drinking any longer so I stopped taking it daily. I carry it with me at all times. Take 1 here and there so I never know if its in my system. No side effects. This is not a magic bullet. You MUST have an honest desire to stop drinking.
Well, I took it for the first time on a Thursday, felt an erection like old days after seeing a hottie. I 've been getting about 90% hard prior to Cialis. By Friday, I was going all night. And again Saturday and Sunday morning. It is awesome. My Dr said it might be mental anyway. And the Cialis might just be enough to get me back on track.
I have battled with public speaking for 18 years and would get nervous about a speech even if it was months away.  It ended the second I took propranolol.  I take 20-40mg 1 hour prior to any public speaking event and I am completely calm.  No racing heart beat prior to standing up, no shaky voice, no trembling hands, no more anxiety attacks, etc.  I can 't believe I 've spent 18 years trying every technique on the market, herbs, physical training, etc. to finally realize this one medicine would instantly cure me.  I was prescribed this by a psychiatrist after I lost all hope and this has no doubt changed my life and career over night.  I went from a regular engineer to running a division of 200 people now with zero fear of speaking to them.
works good if you use three of them at the same time.Suffered Spinal injury in AFG. Multiple Surgeries did little to fix problem. I am happy that I am walking. Pain is usually severe enough that Only  the Colorado patch works. These are for when I 'm not in Colorado.Have to use 3 to get any results though. They could use a better adhesive. 100mph tape works best to hold them on.
I have taken Belviq for 7 weeks now, my cravings, midnight snacking are gone. I am eating fruits and vegetables on the regular. I actually favor eating those foods rather than carbs, sugars. I have lost 26.4 pounds so far and it has been so easy. Belviq is willpower in a bottle.  I had slight headache for first 3 days but no side effects since that time (except lots of lbs. lost).UPDATE: 7 months and I have lost 55.6 lbs, 23% of my weight and my doctors confirmed that I am no longer pre-diabetic.  My total cholesterol is now under 100.  My sleep apnea has drastically improved, stomach is flat. improved results on a recent stress test.  My doctor called it reverse metabolic syndrome.  Thank you Belviq for getting my Health back.
Both of my big toenails and pinky toenails were really bad. You couldn 't even recognize that my pinky toes had toenails. My big toenails were yellowish and crusty. I started taking Terbinafine back in the end of July and now almost 4 months later I would say both my big toenails are about 75-80% better. As for my little toenails there has been improvement but not as much as the big toes. I would say 40-50% for the little toenails. All said and done though I must admit I am glad I took this medicine. Works great and I can 't wait for the full results! As for the side effects I was one of the lucky ones that had no side effects.
I just got this inserted today.  I was so nervous for it that I was shaking and fanning myself before the doctor even walked in to the room.  It ended up being so simple.  I didn 't really feel any pain just some pressure for about 30 seconds and then it was done.  Since I got home I have had barely any cramping at all...just feels like the day or two before I start my period.  I am so relieved and happy.  Reading all the reviews on here really freaked me out.  I took 800mg of Ibuprofen an hour before which seemed to help.  I recommend doing the same.  So excited to see how this works out!
Changed my life for better in terms of mobility but very prone to picking up viruses, had several infections after a hand operation as a result and get nausea, upset tummy and more tired than I used to but I 'm walking and have low pain levels so worth it. My psoriasis is nearly gone.
Started this with very low hopes of it doing anything after my last two experiences with anxiety/depression medication. Fluoxetine ruined my life, Escitalopram made me feel awful, so i expected sertraline to do the same. I was very surprised when i started it on 25mg that i had no issues, no nausea, upset tummy, dizziness, nothing. After some time i was feeling less anxious but it still lingered so my doctor allowed me to up the dosage to 50mg and my anxiety was pretty much completely gone besides the odd few days, however it didn 't do a whole lot for my depression which i discussed with my psychiatrist and the dosage was upped again to 75mg and then finnaly 100mg, currently on 100mg every day and i feel great. It might work for you.
I was on Aciphex for 4-5 yrs. but the expense of it shifted me over to Nexium. I have now been taking 20 mg. Nexium 4 yrs. &amp; have not had a GERD attack in years. My concerns are now that you can buy it OTC, I am concerned it will not be strong enough? And secondly, why is it that most nutritionists &amp; holistic doctors insist that these acid controlling pills are the worse thing to take for your body?  I tried not taking it for 2 mos. &amp; immediately had an attack which is horrible. Can someone answer my concerns please.
Lexapro works but the (Generic) Escitalopram does NOT. Lexapro has saved my life. Made me a normal happy person. I tried the generic for a month and I couldn 't hardly function. Thankfully I had my dr. call and my insurance covers all but $55.00 but it is sooo worth it.
This comes in a patch and works wonders for pain. I have lower back pain and I cut a 1/2 patch and put it on. It lasts for 12 hours.
My family KNOWS if I miss a dose.  If I 'm not around them during the day, then I know by mid afternoon if I 've missed it.  I feel unloved, depressed, yearning to just die.  But we try to keep the dose as low as possible that will still work for me.  When taken regularly, I 'm a  'normal ' person.
Had heartburn most of spring and summer...never had it before and I 'm 65. Blamed it on rum and or coke but giving it up or switching to beer didn 't really help. Over-the-counter antacid made it go away temporalley but I finally had enough and saw a doctor who diagnosed excess bacteria H and perscribed the HP-PAC. I have one day left from a seven day dose and heartburn is all gone. The way someone described it to me is &quot;your stomach is a septic tank that needs to be cleaned out once in a while&quot;. I don 't know if the symtoms will come back but it certainly did the job for now. Oh!...I had no side effects at all.
I have had acne since I was 9, I am now 19. I 've literally tried every acne treatment out there. I had severe breakouts around the nose and T area. I used to be on Duac, an antibiotic and Differin then I just dropped down to Duac because I didn 't like the other two. The Duac worked better then any other treatment that I tried so I thought that was the best it was going to get. But I switched dermatologist just because my doctor was booked. The new one put me on Atralin at night and Duac in the morning.  My skin started clearing up immediately. I 've been using it for 3 months now and the only time my skin broke out is when I skipped 2 weeks on using it. It is pricey but ask your doctor about the discount card.
Started phentermine 37.5 April 7 2016. I 'm 31 yrs old 5 '1&quot; my start weight was 154lbs. I have struggled to lose weight for about a year. I had no self control to my sweet and fatty food cravings.  I wad spending about an hour at the gym 4 days a week and i was still gaining weight.  Today I am 139pound. The medication helps me with my cravings and portion control. I only speed walk for about 30minutes 4x a week. I am so happy!  I drop 15pounds!
Suffered from major depression. Didn 't want to get out of bed. Lost interest in things. Missed work. Cymbalta 60 mg has lifted my spirits, and taken me out of the depression. Given me back my life and interests. May not work for everyone, but did the trick for me. I also take 5 mg Abilify.
This pill is just in one word, unbelievable! I have lost a total of 45 pounds so far! It has given me my life back. I went from a big size 12 to a size 4! I have never been happier in my life.
Fioricet was a God-send for my chronic headaches. 
Works excellent for anxiety. Have horrible social anxiety which I also take Zoloft for but xanax doesn&rsquo;t really help with it. Not knowing cause my Dr&rsquo;s didn&rsquo;t tell me but after being on this a while and at a high dose (for me up to 3mg/day) if you don&rsquo;t take it everyday you feel like rubbish. Took me almost 2 years to figure this out so regardless if I need it or not I take maybe 1mg as a maintenance dose in the middle of the day. Greatly helps to not feel sick. I also take 30mg of Temazepam at night which I thought would cover me. But for the past 10 days my mood has been really bad, the worst in years and a couple mg&rsquo;s of Xanax greatly improves it but wouldn&rsquo;t recommend it since it&rsquo;s not prescribed to take it that way
It works really well.
Best opthalmic steroid I 've used for my condition.
I was prescribed this for ADHD that was along with bipolar disorder.  I didnt take it at first cause I was scared because I have a history of substance abuse. Finally I decided to give it a try.  The first day I took it there was a HUGE difference.  I was not as irritable as usual.  The &quot;chatter&quot; in my head quietened.  I was able to focus better on a few tasks.  I felt a little bit more confident than usual.  So far, I haven 't had any bad things to say. I have ECT once a month which helps a little bit with my depression and bipolar, but this medication seems to do more good than any of that stuff. 
I 'm 24 and have been using Acanya since I was 18. I remember noticing a difference within the first few days and massive improvement within a few weeks-1 month? Don 't really remember, however, this product has remained relatively effective for 6 years for me. Skin is 90% clear other than cysts when I am highly stressed or due to hormones :/ This medication only gets 9/10 because I still get blackheads and cysts occationally and it 's very expensive
Was given the 5mg in October 2011, Black Cherry flavor after a hospitalization.  Took three days, but I finally felt normal.  The taste is absolutely dreadful.  The worst side effect was that it made me sleep and sleep and sleep, to the point were I wasn 't able to function during the daytime, so I stopped taking it. Haven 't been on it in several months, but NEED IT!Have an appointment with my doctor tomorrow and hope that perhaps there is a newer, extended release version on the market, as without the more unpleasant side effects. 
Zyprexa has given me my life back in 4 weeks!  I have the worst panic attacks and chronic nausea ever!!  I have been on every medication under the sun with no relief, if not worse nausea because of the side effects of all the medications.  I was on Klonopin, propranolol, hydroxyzine, and zofran every single day and I was still having really bad nausea and panic attacks so bad, I could not leave my house.  Dr. prescribed Zyprexa 5mg and after 3 days, I started eating again.  I have already gained 2 lbs but I needed to because I was so nauseated I couldn 't eat.  I 'm so excited that I can eat again without feeling everything is going to come back up!!!! I hope it doesn 't &quot;poop-out&quot; on me bc It 's been a miracle!!
At the age of 54 l can tell you that I 've been lucky not to have needed this product earlier, but loosing a wife of 25yrs in 2010 was a curve ball that changed me forever. There came a point where l had to have my needs met only to find out that plumbing needed a little nudge. So I asked my PC doc for something with little side affects. He gave me the Cialis daily 5mg. 1st day l took 5mg by myself to see if l noticed any difference since she was never going find out, that 's my plan and l 'm sticking to it. Anyhow, this stuff WORKS, and works well. Then next night with her l took 10mg at 8pm, and the rest is history. By 11:00 l made my move, and it was the  greatest thing to stay up till the sun came up , 100%Satisfied :)
This is the third birth control I have tried and I have no complaints whatsoever! I 've been on it for a little over a year now. It has the lowest dosage of artificial hormones, doesn 't make me gain weight or have crazy mood swings. The only things I have noticed while taking it is occasionally a low sex drive, which is honestly not a problem unless you want to feel sexy 24/7, which, let 's face it, is just not for everyone. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is starting out on birth control for the first time or is looking for an alternative. It 's gentle, it 's not conflicting with my lifestyle and I have my period regularly without any spotting. Everyone 's body is different, so definitely ask your OBGYN. Hope this helps!
Have gone from Adderall to Vyvanse to Dextroamphetamine IR and after 6 months on this, I can say it is by far the best. Same cost as the generic for the same quantity with my insurance and I like the higher dosages since I take 40mg/day. It has the consistency of Vyvanse with the duration of IR tablets.
I am 14 years old. I went in for a physical, and had a routine blood panel. How did I get the results? An ambulance showed up at my house suddenly to take me to the hospital immediately. Apparently, my iron was 9, which is almost fatally low. I was given Venofer when I got there, and it helped tremendously. It quite possibly saved my life. I owe my life to Venofer.
I have taken this product, when it became available, for years. I had started with Fiorinal 111 for Migraines 37 years ago, it 's my understanding the Ascomp w/codeine is a generic form of the Fiorinal 111.I can not live without this product as I have from 4 - 15 or more Migraines a month. Since I have started taking them daily the Migraines have been reduced to 5-6 a month and not as sever as they were previously. I just do not understand how the price has escalated so much just in the past 8 - 10 yrs. I used to pay $7.00 for 100 capsules and now since I am taking 2 a day a 3 mo. supply (180) capsules are $277.00 and my part D (medicare) will pay nothing toward the cost.
This medicine really works.
I 've been on this med for about a month now. I don 't think I 've gone this long without an attack since I was pregnant. My IBS-D went away with both pregnancies, weird I know. This drug has been amazing. The only side effect I have is constipation (I take a stool softener right now because I keep forgetting to buy fiber pills) and nausea if I don 't take it with food (directions tell you to, so that 's on me). Give it a try! Remember, a lot of insurance companies won 't cover it yet because it 's new, but they have a savings plan you can sign up for. Take advantage of it!
Coming down with a cold and couldn 't breath at night.  I went to the drugstore and looked over hundreds of different products.  A guy came breezing down the aisle, stopped for only a second and grabbed two bottles of this product.  Then Off he went just as fast.    I took that as a sign from the universe.  Thank you God I can breathe again!  I had a full nights sleep and breathed easily without any difficulty whatsoever.  The name on the bottle says &quot;Vicks Sinex Severe&quot; It is a 12 hour nasal spray medication and it worked for literally hours enough for a good nights sleep.
It worked amazing. I smoked over a pack a day. I 've been smoke free for over a year and half now. I highly recommend it to anyone. My blood pressure has lowered and as well as cholesterol. My teeth are amazing and gums have actually regenerized themselves. Best decision I 've ever done.
I 've been battling MDD for 20 years. I 'm 32. If you can name it, it 's been prescribed to me. I went through a two month period of constant suicidal ideation in 2015 and was put on 40mg Viibryd. It saved my life, career, and sanity. I 've been taking it as prescribed for 1 1/2 years and my depression doesn 't control my life and thoughts anymore. I still get situational depression, but it doesn 't spiral like it always used to. I experienced no side-effects. Highly recommended if you want to try something new.
I have been taking Latuda for two years. I take 10 onenight and 20mg the next night. I have no side effects and the drug works very well. My only complaint is that I feel very blah. Nothing excites me. I think I am taking too much. I am very sensitive to medicine. I am going to try only 10mg every night and see if that helps....otherwise a wonderful drug.
I was prescribed this after an operation where the anesthesia induced severe hiccupping for about 6 hours.  Took one tablet and 20 minutes later no hiccups.  When I went to the Philippines I got hiccups again and went to a drug store (no prescription needed), got the lowest dosage (5 mg I think) and my hiccups were gone in 15 minutes.
25 year old female. I Love IT. I take 150 SR ONCE a day.  I did TONS of research that completely contradicted the information that ONLY &quot;300MG&quot; and higher MG 's treat depression. Dr 's all over the country disagree, so if your having negative side effects from high dose than simply try a lower dose. If your body responds well to higher MG then stay on it.  Another thing, I have read countless reviews that the first week or so is always the hardest, press through it (unless you are suicidal of course). I experienced BAD symptoms my 1st two weeks and then poof they subsided and I feel GREAT! Energy, positivity, increased libido, mental focus, NO weight gain and NO increased blood pressure. 150mg SR ONCE a day ROCKS.
Works great!   Have been using for about two months now, already seeing improvement in vision
Voltaren is a fabulous drug. I have osteoarthritis of the spine and hip and carpel tunnel syndrome. After taking Voltaren for 3 days, 50mg once a day, I am no longer limping and the inflammation in my hands has gone down. I am back to hiking, swimming and piano playing. What a relief.
I have had a great experience with Nexplanon. I have not experienced any side effects at all. I 've actually lost weight since I 've been on it. Yes the arm was bruised for a few days but that went away fast. It 's way better than getting pregnant! I 've spotted for a short period of time and did not experience my period the first month. I 'm in heaven with it. Painless procedure, didn 't feel a thing.
I was a smoker for 30 years, I used commit when my granddaughter was born because I couldn 't smoke in the hospital. It worked, I decided to continue with the program. I have quit for 30 months now. When I feel the urge to smoke now which is not often (maybe 1 time in 4 weeks) I pop one in my mouth and never completely finish it until the urge leaves. I kept 1 bottle after I quit using them for this reason and still have over half left. It works.
60kg female. I had cystitis acne on face and jaw. I had acne from 13 years of age. I 'm 31 now. I tried everything! Then asked for Accutane. I was on 20 30 40 50 50 steroids and 60 dose. For about 7 months, as I kept having pimples (small but pimples). I had regular blood and pregnancy test each month. The steroids kicked the medicine in the butt and at 60 cleared my face completely. I was on 60 for 2 months and I knew I had no acne at all. I wanted to give up, after 5 months when I was on 50. I would have no pimples all month but when on my periods. I finished on 60. No acne then and no acne 3 months later.
got influenza-type A about 7 weeks ago. I started wheezing a few days into it, went to hospital &amp; they did typical asthma protocol and nothing worked. I had never had an asthma flare up before getting the flu, tho I was considered to have &quot;mild&quot; asthma. I was admitted to hospital. They could not stop my wheezing. I got in to see a pulminologist who said flu damaged my lung tissue. I was unable to do inhalers because of the severity of my condition. She put me on nebulized perforomist as well as nebulized pulmicort every 12 hrs. This is basically the nebulized version of Symbicort. Within just over 24 hrs my lungs were calm and quiet - it was great. I was also on 60mg pred that I was able to taper down once on this combination.&quot;
I 'm on day 2 this drug is amazing a little nauseous but worth it
Best eye drop I ever tried. Provided soothing relief with NO side effects whatsoever. Shame that it is no longer available.
Overall, it works great. I have used the Nuvaring for the past 7 months. I like the Nuvaring, even though I hate birth control 's in general (because I promise you, they all make you more moody than you would be without them). My only problem with Nuvaring is that I cry over nothing sometimes, but that has happened with every birth control that I have ever been on. The ring is way easier than remembering to fool around taking a pill every day and having to worry about it.
Hi everyone. I am 25 years old married with a 6 month old son. I was diagnosed with severe ADHD at the age of about 10...I 'm talking horrible behavior, bad grades, constant moving, etc. my mother told the doctors no medicine at that age. Then around 12 my mother caved in and gave me the adderall, I hated bc of the instant side effects for me.  I continued to take it until about 14 and I made a 100% improvement.  At 14 I learned to cope with the ADHD on my own. But now 11 years later in the real world with many stresses, my ADHD had gotten worse then ever, to the point that my wife wanted to leave me because she couldn 't handle it.  I got my prescription back and my life is amazing.. 30mg IR 3x a day 1 in a.m 1 after lunch 1 on way home from work.
I have been using Verdeso in conjunction with another foam spray on my forehead, chin and cheeks. It made a huge impact on a red rush I had between my eye and my nose. It is almost gone by now, and I started the treatment less than two weeks ago. I would say that within a week or less one could see a major improvement in the way the skin looks. I use something else for the hands (a form of eczema) and its also amazing. 
I began this Aldactone 50mg. 2 weeks ago. 8 days later I had a Cyst rupture on my Ovary. (I had a partial Hysterectomy 6mths ago). Not certain if the medicines were a part that will have to wait to be seen. I immediately felt the oil dry and the cyst go away. One of the best is I feel like the redness is gone as well. I love that since 7th grade till my 38th year, years of Accutane a million times, odd antibiotics, birth control, topicals and I FINALLY FEEL FREE of my ugly red skin.
Listen, I had sex on 01/08/16 and the condom came off when he withdrew. It was every where. I took Plan B about 13 hours later. I got every side effect ever. Nausea, bloating, VERY TIRED, headache, lower back pain and CRAMPS!!! Lots of cramps!!! I will not tell you to relax because I couldn 't relax AT ALL for two weeks. I had no sign of a period at all for over a week and a half. I woke up everyday freaking out! Yesterday I got spotting and then my mind raced and I googled everything! Today AF came. 12 days after plan b and 1 week late on period. It absolutely messes with your hormones and you will be hyper sensitive to every side effect you get and I KNOW you will think your pregnant as soon as you feel a sign but it is the hormones.
I have taken this medicine for 8 months ish, at first i felt no difference but at around 3 months I also started lifting weights and dieting. I think that if I had only worked out I wouldnt have felt and different but because of the pristiq I feel much better
A little itching and redness. Missed 3 days of school because of pink eye. Then I went on this and it seems to be getting better.
Completely surprised at the positive results from this medication in a very short time. Nausea is the biggest side effect for me. I am myself again after sinking into an abyss of pain and sadness. No more panic attacks. No more uncontrolled crying spells. I can laugh again! I highly recommend this medication. In the appeals process w my insurance co they have denied this med.
I started taking Belviq 7 days ago and I am 7 pounds lighter today. Far as side affects I had just a tiny bit of light head &amp; I think that was only because I read some of the reviews &amp; that 's what some people were saying they had &amp; it was stuck in my mind it was going to happen. Other than that I 've been absolutely fine &amp; I 'm looking forward to more weight loss
Vagifem truly changed my life.  Intercourse was almost impossible for me before my doctor prescribed Vagifem. Intercourse felt like knives in my vagina and my tissues were so dry,raw, and painful that I was in constant pain.  I have been using it now for about a month and the difference is unbelievable. No more pain or irritation. No side effects so far.
I got my Implanon on January of 09 and I love it.  I had no problems with the bleeding except at first, for 2 weeks I would have irregular bleeding. 7 months later I have had 2 periods that lasted a whole 3 days, very light.  This is the first birth control that I have been on and it is great.  There are a lot of people that have had bad experiences with it and I am sorry.  But I give it a 10.
I have had a lot of additional stress added in the last 4 years... death of a parent, a lot of hurtful things from my other parent, my spouse cheating, then everyday things like the stresses of young children, school, sports, etc.Over these years I have tried every antidepressant out there! It either didn 't work, or it made me feel like a zombie. And they ALWAYS made my sex drive go to zero!I had given up on every prescription and had not taken anything for almost a year. I had no energy, it didn 't take much for me to get annoyed and aggravated with people (including my kids) and I just didn 't feel a lot of joy.My doctor tried me on Viibryd and I feel GREAT! I have great energy, don 't lose my temper with my kids or husband, and still have sex drive!
When I was 13 I was rushed to the hospital because I was very anemic due to extreme heavy periods, this wasn 't even comparable to anyone I know because I would be changing my pad/tampon every hour and yes it was the haviest pad/tampon there was. After I got my blood transfusion my doctor put me on the birth control pills for 4 day. The worst 4 days of my life I threw up like crazy so then my doctor said I should try the depo shot (which I 've been on for almost a year) it 's the most wonderful thing ever created! My cramps are gone and I had a little bit of spotting on my first shot but that was normal but now I don 't get any bleeding and feel wonderful. Yes, I did gain 10lbs but if you go to the gym you can burn it off very easily.
Been on Safyral for 6 weeks. I have no complaints. I 've never been on birth control but had to go on it due to bleeding for 2 months straight really heavily. My bleeding stopped, I 've not had any mood changes, weight gain, acne, or anything. It 's regulated my periods and now I 'm back to normal. It 's been a great first experience with birth control.
My gastroenterologist put me on Levsin back in 1999 for cholecystitis (inflammation of the gall bladder). It was the ONLY thing that stopped the pain and it worked immediately. After having my gall bladder removed, I would still get severe pains from residual gall stones in the bile duct and IBS. My doctor had me continue taking Levsin for the intense pain, as needed and it always stopped the pain immediately. My intestinal problems have gotten more severe and I am going to ask my new GI doctor (moved to a different state) to write a prescription for Levsin since nothing else I 've tried works.
I have been on saxenda for almost 4  months and lost 30 pounds! I am experiencing very little side effects. The only thing that I keep asking myself is once I reach my weight goal, what happens next? am I supposed to just stop the medication? What happens once we stop the medication? Im so afraid to gain the weight back... has anyone reached their goal and stopped the medication? Anyone can share their experience?
Excellent pain relief, without constipation associated with the use of narcotics. I didn 't find that I got too drowsy from it either.
I started chantix about 3 weeks ago and I am now 48 hours without a cigarette.  I am very proud I have lasted this long. The problem is I just want to sleep and I am very easy to snap at people. The cravings are only really bad at night. It works though been a smoker for 27 years.
Before I started taking this medicine, my moods were up and down, anger, anxiety, not sleeping at night, back pain, fear of leaving the house, etc. This medicine has changed my life completely. I don 't feel like the same person. I never enjoyed living the way that I do now. I 'm up early in the mornings, doing things and being productive, which is so different from what I used to. Thanks to this medicine, I 'm actually living. I 've tried so many things and nothing else works. Miracle by far. No anxiety, no sleep problems, energy, and relationships are improving so well.
I had my first migraine and prescribed Fiorinal 40 years ago and back then, then they were occasional.   As I 've gotten older, they are more frequent.  This is a problem for my neurologist because Fiorinal is on the restricted use list, here in New York.  We switched me to Fioricet and for three years, that was OK, but then the Tylenol started bothering my liver.  Got a new script for Fiorinal and to my surprise, it only comes in capsule form and in my opinion, does not work as well.  I hope they will bring back the tablet form.  The tablet works the best and I can 't understand the need to change to a capsule.  Why reinvent the wheel?
I have degenerative disc disease and I 'm in constant pain. My doctor gave me this medicine and it works very well. I can do now what I could not do before. I would recommend this medicine to anyone in severe pain.
I had Necritizing fasciitis  before it was even being diagnosed, late 1990-early 1991. After two weeks of fighting it at home (yes, I know, but nurses are incredibly resistant to being hospitalized), I finally went to the ER. They admitted me, of course, and threw every antibiotic they had at it without any improvement. From the first day, they insisted I had burned the leg and I insisted that I had NOT burned it. After two weeks of multiple IV antibiotics with little if any response, one of the docs walked into the room and said that even though I insisted I had not burned it, he was going to treat it like a burn and that he was ordering silvadene. Four days later my leg had improved enough to go home.
I 've been on Trintellix for 6 months and this pill has been a miracle for me! I was on Wellbutrin for 5 months prior, but it ended up giving me anxiety so I switched. I 've had depression for over a decade and nothing really took it away -- I did therapy, changed my diet, exercised.. I still felt grey, lifeless and didn 't care much if I died. My depression was never overwhelming sadness, it was quite the opposite: I felt nothing. Nothing gave my pleasure. I was just a robot doing what I had to do. It worked quite quickly, about 3 weeks after I started. I will always have depression, but I 'm able to cope now. I no longer feel like life is meaningless.. I now do things just for the sake of it. I finally enjoy normal events like everyone else.
I 'm 21 and I 've been taking 72mg (two 36mg barrels) a day since I was about 17. Concerta changed my life. I was failing school and no matter how hard I tried, it didn 't change anything. I became depressed, slept for 14+ hours a day, I gave up. Then I was prescribed and it changed my life. It keeps me focused, motivated, and energized. Though, the side effects are very real. I don 't sleep much, which is why I usually don 't take it on weekends to catch up on sleep. It kills my appetite, so I eat a big breakfast before I take it in the mornings. It does elevate my anxiety, and not saying it 's something I suggest.. but I smoke cigarettes to help that. Oh, and I don 't know if this is common or not.. But it keeps my digestive track regular!
Works great for cough.
this is a miracle medication..THANK YOU MERCK!
Diagnosed with bronchial pneumonia two days ago. Had a fever of 102 at that point. Within two days, I don 't have a fever. I am beginning to cough up the infection where I struggled before. I have to be open and add that I was also given prednisone to take. Between the two, at the end of the second day, I am beginning to feel better. Still a ways off but I feel a difference.
I worked on my feet for 10  years now and developed restless leg about 2 years ago. No one understands what it is until they 've encountered it themselves. I am prescribed Sinemet and I love it. I usually only take it when symptoms start (when those legs start a feeling funny). I am very fortunate because I suffer no side effects. I do not get sleepy and it doesn 't bother my stomach. I would highly recommend this medication for anyone who is unfortunate enough to suffer from this.
I had the Skyla inserted exactly 2 weeks ago, I 'm not going to lie the insertion was painful, but not unbearable. The procedure itself lasted no more than 5 minutes. I took 4 Advil and ate breakfast as directed. As soon as my doctor was done I did experience cramps but nothing like I was expecting. It just felt like I was having period cramps. However I did alternate medicine every 2 hours with Advil and Tylenol after the procedure that entire day. I have not had ANY spotting at all.. although I continue to experience &quot;period cramps&quot; almost everyday now. I will say it is 100% percent worth it.. not having to worry about pregnancy.
After a scare I needed birth control asap. I read a lot of reviews which really scared me especially after 2 HORROR experiences on the pill, I was on Loette a low dose pill, and Yasmin. I was an emotional wreck  9kgs. So I got the Implanon and I 'm so happy I did, it lasts 3 years, my emotional state is 99% stable and 1% is like PMS, libido is a little lower, did bleed LIGHTLY for 2 weeks but haven 't had a period since which I love, fertility is back to normal once taken out. I don 't have to worry about becoming pregnant and I generally feel like ME. Everyone is different but don 't be scared to try its progesterone only, no estrogen. I lost 6kgs before the Implanon and was scared I 'd put it back on but I slowly continued to lose 2kg more.
I 'm 40 and had my first colonoscopy due to family history of colon cancer (recommended 10 years prior to parent 's diagnosis). Took first dose at 10:00 a.m., second at 10:00 p.m. (my procedure was at 7:30 a.m.). Was on a clear liquid diet day before which consisted of Jell-O, chicken broth, and popsicles: I chose not to drink fruit juice as some reviews mentioned acidity making diarhea painful. Suprep tastes absolutely horrendous...super salty, super strong grape Kool-Aid: could/should have mixed with Crystal Light or Ginger Ale. Got first dose down but only half of second as I was gagging... Doctor had to irrigate some but everything looked great and no polyps! Recommend lighter diet 3 days before for easier prep. Procedure was super easy!
I have had a severe back injury and have been off work since Nov  '06 and I first was on Vicodin and that didn 't work anymore so they had put me on the Norco to cover the pain. It works wonders and I take 1-2 around every 4 hrs. BUT it has became very habit forming and I don 't see an easy end to trying to cut back or get off these pills. They work great for pain but be careful!
This works without any problems
I had these  injections two years ago in my right knee i have been pain free ,but my left leg also started with the same symptoms recently so i went back to my doctor got my confirmation i was a candidate and i just finished my third injection today i must say its helped me regain 100% control again thank you so much..â¤
Soma 350mg is a wonder drug for my back pain (L3L4 herinated disc). It can be hard to get, It gave many doctors a bad taste so to speak. I only take it as needed. I have tried just about every muscle relaxer over the years. The only one that comes close to soma is called zanaflex, But there is no contest soma works the best for my back pain. I take it when my pain scale is 7/8 out of 10. It usually takes me down to a 3/4 within 30 to 45 mins. However use this  time to rest your back because the effects of soma do not last very long.  It starts to loose its effect in 2-3 hours. Also it works best for me once a day as needed. I also take tramadol 50mg and gabapentin 600mg for pain.
For anyone that 's had their gall bladder removed, you all know the pain that comes after. I was first prescribed this by accident because doctor thought I had a bile problem associated with gall bladder surgery. He precribed one scoop a day with water. It helped but I took for years and if I missed a day I felt it. A few years later went to a new doctor who knew what this was and he totally changed how and when to take. As soon as I went in to see him he had a half filled water bottle and I would fill the rest with 8 scoops. I would do this for 3 days, after that I would take 4 scoops for 4 days. It seemed crazy but it worked. After 3 days I became constipated and have never had to take again
I was finally prescribed Wellbutrin SR after 4 months of treatment with a hospital psychologist. Treatment through other means of talking through my emotions helped some, but there was those thoughts, if you know what I mean. So they started me on the medicine. It was only 100mg 1 time a day, I only took it for 10 days. I felt great for about 10 hours, but in the evening I would feel like I was in withdrawal or like I was in an emotional craving of some sort, kind of hard to describe. I felt edgy at night, was easy to bark at the kids for little or no reason, and I would have deep and serious thoughts about suicide, but those thoughts only lasted about 10 minutes, and then they would go away, as quickly as they had started.
Diagnosed at 18, went on until 28. I had a miserable existence for 10 years. 5 minutes after eating, I better be near a toilet. Gastroenterologists tested and tried so many different things with no success. Told my GI I was having a substantially lower quality of life with this problem. He prescribed me Welchol. The next day, I enjoyed my first meal in years and cried. Truly was a miracle pill for me.
This is an amazing product, I use it on my whole body and face.
calms you down instantly
Taken for 2 months. Love it over Coumadin. Extreme nausea if not taken with lots of water and food. I 've had 2 nose-bleeds that worried me. Highly recommend Pradaxa.
No other medicine helps me get through my pain and through my day like oxycodone. I have been in 2 horrible car accidents and have tried many pain medications, and oxycodone is the only medication that completely takes away my lower back pain. It is a shame that so many people abuse this drug because it works miracles for chronic back pain.
I was given this medication in the ER (breathing treatment) . It worked wonders for me, it immediately open up my lungs so that I could breath. What a relief!!
This medicine has been amazing for me. I don 't feel high, just like a normal person for the first time in years. It 's like a huge weight has been lifted from me. I am very sensitive to medication, so I waited a long time to ask my new doctor for something else. I had been using St. John 's Wort for a while and it really helped but I think I became immune to it. When I started on Lexapro, I cut the 10 mg tablets in half and only took 5 mg for the first few days, then moved to 10 mg. The higher dose made me restless and anxious and unable to sleep, plus stomach cramps. The lower dose has some stomach discomfort and nighttime wakefulness, but antacids and melatonin control it. Plus, I 'm losing extra weight!
Honestly one of the best treatments for HSV or coldsores around! I start feeling a cold sore coming on (a tingling, burning sensation) and on goes the Zovirax. Instant relief from the pain and the sore stops in it 's tracks! Definitely worth every penny of that 
I have been on this pill for 3 years now. It 's the only one I have been on but I have never had bad side effects. My periods last about 4 days, 2 days of heavyish bleeding and 2 days of spotting. No pregnancy yet so it is definitely doing its job.
I experienced a severe herniation on right side of C6-C7 June 2012. Since, I was put on 4 Medrol packs approximately every 3 months, chiropractor initially and trainer, with Accupuncture 3 months post injury for 10 months. Formal Physical therapy started 10 months post due to increase in right shoulder pain with horrible radiculitus. Good for posture training but one month in I was in the worst pain ever. Nurse practitioner put me in SSRI and Mobic. SSRI alters pain perception, plus I was crying in her office. Mobic worked but short term. Finally, I went to a pain doctor thinking I was being scheduled for a steroid injection when he said, let 's try gabapentin first. Pain is GONE on 300mg 3x daily. Can 't wean yet but it works!
I love this antipsychotic.  We tried them all and this is the only one that did not give me akathisia - I know another person like me and same thing with him as well.  I have taken 600mg since January and it is fabulous.  Definitely chills me out and calms me down.  Does not put me to sleep though.  That stopped a long time ago - I think you get used to it and the lower doses are more sedating.  I have done some reading though and it has to hit a certain dose (I think 400mg) to actually hit the dopamine receptors, anything lower and it only works on histamine and would not work as a antipsychotic.  I now take the XR version as I was taking the regular version twice a day for psychotic symptoms, I don 't take this for sleep.  Very nice overall.
I 've been taking this medicine for almost a year now and have had little to no side effects. I take 200mg every two weeks by injection. The way that this medicine has improved my life is almost unbelievable. I feel like a teenager again! The only reason I didn 't give it a 10 is the injections, but it 's still worth a little pain to feel so much better!
Wow ladies!!!! All I have to say is &quot;wow&quot;. This stuff seriously works. I 'm 18 years old and I had sex with my boyfriend on the 22nd of January, and while he was pulling out, the condom stayed inside of me. We were worried about any leakage so I decided to take plan b about 18 hours later.  according to my period tracker it said that I was supposed to ovulate on the 21st so I started to freak out thinking I could 've been ovulating while I took plan b. My side effects were very little but it did make more anxious about my period starting and a little bit more irritable than I usually am the week before my period. I was only a day late for my period and I could not be happier. This medicine is a lifesaver. Just sit back, relax, and don 't stress
I couldn 't sleep the whole time I took it but I dropped 10 pound in 1 week!
I have used Axid AR since the early 1990 's, before it was available OTC. It was the best product on the market for treating ulcers. It worked so well, I use to pay $90.00 for a month 's supply of  prescription Axid. No generic was ever created that could compete with Axid 's relief.
I love my nexplanon! I was worried because of all the bad reviews I saw and the horror stories of weight gain, mood swings, and acne. I have had my implant in for a month now, and have had no bad side effects other than my light acne returning. I was on a pill that cleared it, but now that I 'm not, it 's back. I have had no mood swings, weight gain, or bad spotting. I did spot for a week or two after first getting it, but it was brief. Insertion was a breeze. Overall, I would recommend trying this if you 're looking for an effective method! Worst case scenario, you have it taken out.
I was on the shot for almost a year in October I went to my doctor today for my shot I am still bleeding I bled for a week straight I want to stop bleeding I had blood clots for 3 days the blot clots stopped now I am bleeding heavy before my shot my doctor said the lining of your    Uterus sheds that Is why I was bleeding I know that when I am on the birth control needle it takes a week to work I hope that the bleeding will finally end so I can stop using pads.
Since puberty I had been diagnosed by everything under the sun except for what I really suffered, and have taken so many different medications the names have become a blur. Finally was diagnosed at 34 with bi-polar disorder type 1 compounded by bouts of clinical depression. I was given Triazadone, but couldn 't take the vivid nightmares. Depakote, which gave me migraines. Finally found a good therapist who got me on Zoloft. It took a good 4 to 6 weeks for it to accumulate in my system and I did have the runs for the first couple of weeks, but it made a huge difference in my life. Just the thought of some Doctor taking me off Zoloft makes me panic. I never want to go back to my life before Zoloft.
This is my first BC.  For about the next 3-4 months, I had irregular periods with spotting here and there. This month, I totally skipped my period, as of right now I 'm 17 days late. Took a test and it came back negative, so I can attest to the missed period thing - don 't be too stressed when/if it happens (if you take your pills correctly)! First couple months I cried a lot and had terribly sore boobs. They also grew from a 32B to a 32D though, so I 'm not mad. NO nausea at all.A few migraines.I 'm not pregnant and we use withdrawal and never use condoms, so this pill is extremely effective and gives me that extra assurance for the lowest estrogen count. I 'm a fan! 9/10 because of the scary missed period thing.
I 'm a 6 '0 tall female and started using adipex and b6 b12 lipotrophic injection once a week in november. My starting weight was 387. 5 and 7 weeks later and now I weight 366. 9. That 's a 20. 6 lb weight lost. When I started the med I experienced dry mouth and sleeplessness, but those symptoms disappeared about 3 weeks after starting the meds. I watched what I ate and  completely eliminated sweets and soda out my diet. I started walking 50 minutes 3-4 times a week. Prayer and adipex has changed my life. I tried so many diets and this has been the first time that i 've lost any weight. I still have a long way to go, but I 'm so amazed that 's i 've lost any.
I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and I was first prescribed Concerta. Since Concerta is part instant release and part extended release it starts working extremely quick, within 15-30 minutes, which was nice because there was no need to time things out when taking the medication. Unfortunately, Concerta starts working immediately and also stops working immediately which for me led a horrific crash. I was irritable and angry after the medication wore off. Due to this my doctor switched me to Vyvanse. Vyvanse is a prodrug which means the actual drug inside the capsule is not therapeutically helpful until it gets broken down in the body. This allows for a nice steady come up and no crash when the medication is eventually excreted.
Worked when no SSRI couldn 't
Works perfectly. No side affects at all.
I 've been taking Saphris for about 6 months and it 's been a wonder of a miracle! I can finally function and accomplish daily tasks. Before I was depressed all the time now I have lots of energy and I think more clearly. It 's heaven sent.
This medication literally saved my husband 's life. He has been on OxyContin for 16  years. He 's tried everything! He truly thought he 'd have a heart attack from pushing. Dr gave him samples of Movantik, 30 min later, a BM. No problem. Been the same story for over a month. I saw so many negative reviews, and I 'm so sorry this did t work for you... I hope you find the one thing that does!
Saphris does not taste good; it leaves my tongue slightly numb. I 've experienced no side effects so far in the 2 weeks I 've been on it. I have experienced relief from symptoms from disorders.
I been on Oxycontin for 6 years now, of course my PM doc gave me the lowest dose and worked up from there. I am at the maximum amount they will give me which is 80mg 3 X a day plus, Oxy IR 30mgs 3 times a day plus Soma 350mg 3 times a day, it may seem like a lot but over the years my body developed a tolerance to this medicine but now I have been on this same dose for 3 years and it is perfect, no need to take anymore but the bad thing is the DEA inspected my docs office and asked him to switch all of his patients off of Oxycontin to morphine so now I am on the morphine. I am finding that it does not work as good as the Oxycontin.
Ok... My bf and I had sex unprotected during Ovaluation and I do NOT use BC. So , the chances of me becoming pregnant are reasonably HIGH. AND at the time I was taking Amoxicillin bc I was getting a root canal so my dentist prescribed for precaution of infection. Docs say that you can 't mix these two drugs bc Plan B won 't work BUT I hadn 't been consistent bc of the Amoxicillin side effects and stopped taking it about four days prior to using Plan B. I was a nervous wreck bc I thought plan b wouldn 't work. Long story short IT DID WORK !!! I took plan B the same day just maybe 4/5 hrs after unprotected sex. I was lucky enough to not have any side effects of plan b and my period came right on time today (almost 2 wks from taking the pill)
I 've been on this pill for almost 4 years.  I absolutely love it I 've had no problems nor side affects.  I started taking this BC because I had severe painful acne all over my face and the my doc decided since I wasn 't in any BC this should help clear up my acne and be protected at the same time.  Although I didn 't want to take it because my husband and I wanted to try for another baby right after I had my son that was 4 years she ago.   So In December of 2016 I stopped taking it because now my son is 4 and we want to try for another baby and it sucks as much as I want a baby I wish I can still take it I 'm gaining weight. Im getting acne all over again.  And well I have not gotten pregnant yet.  If I don 't get pregnant by July I 'll be back
I 've been on Fentanyl patches (100 mcg) for a decade with Methadose for breakthrough. The Methadose was discontinued when our state legislature decided they 'd place a cap on the daily dose for opioids. Fentanyl was nothing short of miraculous for spinal pain, but it didn 't touch the pain in my bones. My physician added Nucynta recently. I had serious doubts, but I discover the Nucynta worked. Something nothing else had done. I had to fight to for MONTHS get it approved (covered). Eventually, it was approved. But only for a year. We 'll be forced to fight it out once more next Spring. :(No side effects at all!
I had gone through a wide variety of SSRI 's before my doctor recommended these. This medication has seriously changed my life and I feel like I have more control about how certain things make me feel. I am Bipolar 2 taking 200mg and I don 't ever want to get back to the state I was in before. Having tried around 5 different types of medication I have finally found the one.
I know that many, including myself are not in favour of the pharmaceutical industry yet, when this drug literally saves your life, i.e. prevents suicidal ideation, can you really hate the industry, then? Think about that.
I know most of what you see online about Nexplanon is negative. But I 've had it for a month and my life has changed. I 've been on the Apri pill for two years and during that time I had extremely low sex drive, horrible anxiety and dissociation, and had chronic yeast/bacterial infections. I was moody and exhausted all the time. Since getting the Nexplanon implant my life had increased drastically. Before it was both emotionally and physically difficult for me to have sex with my boyfriend, now my sex drive has increased 10 fold and I can easily have sex whenever I want to. I have increased energy and haven 't been anxious in weeks when I would have daily anxiety attacks before. Everyone has a different experience but mine is amazing.
Intal is the one drug that brought my asthma under control, in 1974, when I was 18 years old.  It pains me to know that I now must buy it from sources outside of North America.
This medicine along with wellbutrin has stabilized me and helped me become happy again. I 've also quit taking anything for &quot;ADD.&quot;Compared to what I 've experienced while bipolar, most difficulties I have, now seem trivial. Just keep trying every day and when you feel like giving up tell yourself you haven 't even started to fight. Keep a sense of humor about things too. 
This product is great! I suffer from adult acne and i finally found something that works. At first it used to burn my skin, so what I did was to use a very small amount only for one hour every couple of days. Then when the skin wasn 't getting burned anymore I used it for two hours, and then three and so on. Now I use it all night about 3 times a week and my skin is 100% acne free! Hope this helps!
I 'm 50 and in very good physical shape. I recently divorced and found myself back in the game. I 've never had any issues with my wife and always had a solid performance. However, my first post marriage sexual encounter was a disaster. I just could not perform even though I was very excited to be with my new &quot;friend&quot;. My doctor gave me a sample pack of 3, 20mg Cialis tabs. He said it was performance anxiety and not really a health dysfunction considering my healthy history. He was absolutely correct. My next encounter was amazing with a solid non-stop performance. I took 1 tab 2 hours prior with great success. But even stronger the next day and continued for 3 days. So for me the peak was 6 hours and beyond. Very happy!
It works very well for pain..it gives seniors energy to function and the side effects are very mild, if any. 
I take 50mg Trazodone before bed. It helps me get a full night 's sleep and eases my depression during the day. I don 't think I 'd benefit from taking it first thing in the morning because it 's a very sedating drug. I also find Trazodone to be an affective long-term pain killer. Trazodone doesn 't belong to any of the common classes of anti-depressant so it doesn 't kill my libido like SSRIs and SNRIs tend to do.
I am 41 years old and have struggled all my life with acne.  Having done Roaccutane, Minocycline and every other medication and topical ointment.  At 41 I was over acne.  This is a miracle medicine.  Skin cleared up in about 7 days and is absolutely flawless.  Can 't speak highly enough of this medicine. I am acne free for the first time in my life.  Ask your doctor about this.
Miracle drug. New lease on life. I keep pinching myself.
I had rotator cuff surgery to in June. Physical therapy has been going great and I was off Vicodin. Last week my shoulder started to hurt a lot and my range of motion was getting smaller.  Then I noticed a large lump on the top of my shoulder. Went back to orthopedic surgeon and I have now developed a grade 2 AC joint sprain. Was prescribed Medrol 4mg dose pak and Vicodin.  Took 3 of the 6 pills so far today and already the pain is decreasing. I can finally move my arm a little without pain. Love this drug.
I had to take this pill 4 months ago because the condom broke but I didn 't have a good experience. After we found out everything, we went to Walgreens and purchased the pill - pretty expensive for just one pill. I took it 10 mins later (after sex) then fell asleep. A couple days later I experienced the worst abdominal pain and nausea, basically almost all the side effects listed except for vomiting. But hey it worked! I didn 't get pregnant.
The price keeps going up and up while the Yen is getting weaker.  $100 retail increase in the last year alone.  No suitable generics.  Over $700 retail for 90 days this year.  $600 last year.  These appear to be fake prices.  Canadian prices are significantly less, but...  Insurance monthly charge went up as well as the amount they would cover went down.  Insurance doesn 't have in formulary, and alternatives are &quot;deadly&quot;.
As a 28yr old male with Benign Prostate Hyperplasia, I thought my fun may be over. Cialis is great. Had no idea I was having erectile dysfunction issues, until after my first 5mg daily dose. Feel as if I 'm 16 again and burning through a large box of condoms. Hope my body doesn 't become used to the meds and fail me. Thanks Cialis for the workout!
This medication has helped tremendously. I went from having 15+ headaches a month that were a 8 or 9 to 2-3 headaches a month that are a 3 at most. For me it worked extremely well.
Crestor, Lipitor, in fact all statins except Livalo gave me severe muscle pains 24/7. Having Post Polio Syndrome the situation was exacerbated. Livalo gave me no pains at all for the 6 or so years I have been taking it.
I have been on Saxenda since October 13, 2016 - and have lost 19 pounds.  I started off on a very gradual increase in dose which helped with side effects.  I only feel nauseated when I eat foods that I should not be eating.  The medication does reduce your appetite - so you need to ensure that you are eating regularly.  I am very happy with the results so far as it is helping to motivate me to make overall lifestyle changes - eating better and exercising.  Still enjoy a little treat - but am careful not to eat anything that will upset my stomach.  I would encourage anyone dealing with obesity to give this drug a try.  It truly works and the side effects can be managed if you are committed to eating healthy foods.
My mother, grandmother and I all get frequent urinary tract infections. I felt a terrible one coming and took Macrobid. The discomfort was almost immediately gone. I took it with 2 pieces of toast and had no side effects whatsoever and I am the type of person that usually does.
I started taking this birth control almost 2 years ago. I was very nauseous for the first few weeks but it subsided and seemed to be going great! A few months ago, I missed one pill and took 2 within a few hours of each other and ended up throwing up (my own fault). Lately, I have been struggling with horrible anxiety (18 years old about to leave for college) and I have had awful nausea and low sex drive with my boyfriend. I am not sure if these are symptoms of my birth control or just anxiety. Around the time my period tracker says I 'm ovulating, my discharge seems to be very thick and mucus like. I 'm not sure this is normal. Otherwise, absolutely affordable and seems to be reliable!
I have never left a review for anything in my life, but because of my experience, I decided to share.  I had unprotected sex on my most fertile day of the month and I was panicking.  I panic even when I use birth control, so I was super stressed out.  I took the pill between 10-11 hours after the incident, and the next two weeks I experienced constant cramps, I was super tired, and my breasts were super sore. I was &quot;sure&quot; these were pregnancy symptoms. Plus, I read a million things on the Internet, like I 'm sure you all have done, (or you wouldn 't be here,) and apparently I am over the &quot;weight limit.&quot;  but here I am, 2 weeks later, and my period came right on time! Like everyone else has said, this pill works wonders. Do not stress!
After 3 days of initial Prednisone 20mg, the 1st day of Indocin I went from 8-2 on the pain scale! I was so grateful! And NO side effects!
Diagnosed in 2006 with severe Crohns disease. Tried a dozen medications and never had any success or even close to finding remission. Consistent pain, diarrhea, naesua etc.....started Lialda 1.2GM once daily 4 days ago. My pain, naesua and everything stopped within a few hours of first dose except diarrhea,  its actually gotten worse and completely watery. Is this normal and if so how long does it typically last. I am SO happy to being 100% pain free for the first time in 7 years without having to use a pain killer just want the diarrhea to stop so I can be more active outside of the hone with my children.
I 'm 41 years old. Smoker and diabetic type II (I exercise regularly and watch my diet so my blood sugars are under control). I 've been having problems since I was 16 and they have been because of a psychological nature. After a few months of dating a girl I 'd be okay. Started dating a younger woman and didn 't want to disappoint her in case (like most relationships) she thought I didn 't find her attractive. Tried Viagra first. Worked awesome and effects lasted for a while. Tried Cialis. Wow. Lasted the weekend. I felt like I was already dating her for a few months now. I did get headaches and runny nose, but so worth it! Not good for quick sessions though. It 's not the sensitivity that 's an issue, you just want to keep going.
I started taking Orilstat 4 weeks and 2 days ago as advised by my doctor. I have 5kg so far. I exercise 4 times a week, roughly 8 hours in total. The tablets have worked for me. They do have side effects but I was warned by my doctor.Combined with reduced calorie intake and exercise, these tablets work!
For years I have been misdiagnosed. I have been on Cymbalta, Seroquel, Celexa, Xanax, Olanzaprine, Vyvanse, and many other drugs I can 't remember the names of. Then I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder. After multiple medications my doctor put me on Lamictal. At 25mg I could tell that I was feeling better but I was still experiencing depression and hypomania. After two weeks I increased to 50mg and started to notice a big difference. My moods were more stable and I could function normally. Although lethargy is still a problem but nothing coffee can 't cure! Now I 'm on 100mg and although I 'm still tired, I feel much better. This has saved my life and my relationships!!
Wonderful drug for ankylosis spondylitis patient
I suffered from severe muscle pains/joint pains, which I had been having for about a year, increasing in intensity, until I even had a few mornings where it was difficult getting out of bed. My doctor did extensive labs. Everything was normal except my thyroid which was VERY low. Two weeks after beginning Levothroid, 95% of my pain had vanished.
I used this drug to quit smoking and it worked great. I did have a little nausea but it was not bad.  It took the craving away and made it easy to quit. I only had to take the pills for a month.
I use 3/40mg Oxycontins a day with 10 5/325mg Percocet and it works wonders. Family members frown about the dosage and the fact that I am 26 and have been on pain medicines for a couple years but it takes away 80% of my pain. I just recently started taking the Oxycontin and it works great. I think this is a miracle drug. I have a 8 month old child (first one) and I am able to play with him and pick him up which I couldn 't do before these.
Both generic and Flonase work for me.   Been using them for several years.  Must use every day to see effects.
I had classic fibromyalgia symptoms, after researching many things that would fall into this category, and I was at the point where I was about to give up, literally. I had become depressed, after dealing with fibromyalgia for so long, it had broken me. I have a lot of will power, and normally would have laughed at the thought of taking my own life, but after about 2 years of these symptoms, it was winning, and didn 't think I could go on for much longer. So, after trying a couple different medications, I was put on Cymbalta. This medication saved my life. It has reduced my pain levels by at least 2-3 points on a ten point scale, and fixed my mood as well. I cannot say enough about how happy I am with this medication.
I was experiencing major anxiety which I only have when I have major life changes.  After getting engaged, moving, planning a wedding, and changing jobs the anxiety kicked in full force.  Doctor put me on Zoloft, which make me very very nauseous. Lost 10 pounds on it, was miserable as it also caused more anxiety and moodiness. Doctor gave me trials of Pristiq...AMAZING. I had not realized how closed off I was until I tried Pristiq.  It increased my ability to have relationships with friends, my fiance, and even family.  Prior to Pristiq, I was very shy and untrusting of everyone. Tried Lexapro too due to insurance requirements. Dislike - for me it caused weight gain, clench jaw, moodiness.  Long process to find the right medicine!
I smoked about 3 packs a day, went down to 2 packs. I started taking Chantix it took me about a month and I stopped. I really have recommend this product to a lot of people, it really helped me so very much. I am post 1 year and 3 months and I feel so much better no pains in my chest,legs,arms just no pain at all.
I have been taking this pill for about 2 months now and I can already see a difference in my flow its getting a lot lighter and I had very bad cramps before and now I have none at all.Also I this pill didn 't cause me to gain any weight ,my weight has stayed the same and has even went a few  d but I 'm not sure if it 's  because of the pill.
I have been using Tegretol for 6 months for BiPolar and I have felt happier consistently for the first time in my life. I have tried many others over 15 years and Tegretol has changed my life. I have had no side effects! Go Tegretol!
I 'm in my mid 30s and love to travel. The reason I wanted Mirena is so that I wouldn 't accidentally become pregnant before any of my scheduled vacations! I don 't have children so I was extremely nervous about the pain I would experience. I had the Mirena inserted just yesterday. I will tell you the pressure I felt was &quot;different&quot; and felt like a much more intense pap. I immediately began to feel cramping but took a Motrin 800. Felt great after that. Now, at 3:45 am, I am experiencing more cramping. I think it 's time for another Motrin. I hated taking a pill every day, was afraid of weight gain with the depo shot, and was scared away from the implanon by my former ob/gyn. I read 1st 6 months are hell, looking forward to month 7!
Felt normal after thyroid removal. A year after as at now, I feel a bit slow and experience forgetfulness, not quick to remember especially names.
This med is a wonder drug for me.  I saw a difference in my walking speed w/in 2 weeks with only the  10mg use.   As I moved up to the full 20mg daily I found I had more energy, didn 't need my daily nap and even have done some light gardening.  Last night I walked down a 3 story spiral staircase when leaving a concert (holding on to the rail and holding hands with my husband).  My ONY negative is with the &quot;Speciality&quot; pharma which we are forced to use. (No choice they are the only pharma for this med.)    Accredo is enough of a hassle (even for my MS renowned DR), I may stop if I have to deal with them monthly.  Don 't be afraid of  the seizures warning in the info. W/ the time release pill it seems not to be an issue if take correctly.
Started off with Concerta in May 2012 it was not effective at all, switched over to Adderall XR 10mg in July 2012 for seven days as a starter dose, then started Adderall XR 20mg,  I noticed a considerable difference between the two medicines instantly. I am able to focus for a very long period of time without being distracted, my grades improved exceptionally, I went from receiving grades below 55% now my lowest grade is 83%. The benefits of this medicine do outweigh the side effects for me, I noticed 20 minutes after taking Adderall, I have increased bowel movements, lower libido and decreased appetite. I stop taking Adderall during breaks and long weekends, the first day not on it, I am extremely tired, exercising and eating healthy helps.
My depression improved immensely on 15mg dose per day taken at night  I have to add my GP increased this dose to 30mg after 7 days which  has been  found to be too much so I 'm now back onto 15mg which I 'm really pleased with as my life was pure hell without this drug
I was having to go 10 plus times a day and started to lose weight because every time I ate I had to run to the bathroom. So now with the Lomotil I go maybe three times a day and I only have to take 3 of these a day, which is nice 2 in the morning after the first trip to the bathroom and 1 after each extra trip which only ends up to be two more times, 3 at the most. This is the one medicine I don 't want to live without.
I had Skyla inserted three days ago, and I made the terrible mistake of reading other women 's horror stories of insertion!! I am 17 have not had any children. It was really not too bad. It felt like moderate to severe menstrual cramps, which continued from time of insertion (9:45am) to about 5:00pm, as well as very heavy bleeding. I had it inserted while on my period so that my cervical plug was open, I did not take the cervical opening medicine that some are given. I was very nervous after reading how painful it was for some women. I highly recommend not reading up so much on the experience. Yes it is uncomfortable and painful, but nothing unbearable. Good luck to anyone who gets Skyla in the future!
I have been using abreva for years and it is incredibly good. I got off a phone call with the bank and within minutes the cold sore was starting to form and my bottom lip was beginning to tingle and itch. At that point I knew - so I drove as quickly as I could to the pharmacy and purchased a bottle. Applied it immediately and the cold sore literally stopped in its tracks. I put it on at least 3 times that day and by the next morning (today) it almost looks as if nothing is there. No red spot near the edge of my lip. Now just a very small bump that is already beginning to get smaller and smaller. I would recommend this stuff to anyone. It works like magic if you put it on right when you feel the cold sore start to come in.
I have to agree with Anna, I am on my first week, I have had this infection since 2012  when I was diagnosed. I am very excited to be PURE AGAIN, Completing this will be another success for me and only make me a stronger person. I have to say I feel really weak and have fatigue, I drink a whole lot of water and some Protein shakes during my day. Just like anything it is ONLY ONE DAY AT A TIME!!!
Used norgesic as needed for 40 years for muscle spasms and muscle aches.  Worked wonderful!  Have found nothing as effective since they stopped making norgesic!
This medication has worked great for me. I was feeling pretty well with Prozac, but had to switch doses from 20mg to 40mg. The main reason I got off Prozac was because I had NO appetite and lost 17 lbs which, in my case, was a bad thing since I was already skinny and wanted to bulk up. I switched to Remeron, which not only made me feel better mood wise, but increased my appetite and helped me sleep great! It 's a 3-in-1 drug for me. It also helped a bit for my anxiety. Only have been taking it for about three weeks so I hope my mood, sleep, anxiety, and appetite stay this way.
I have had restless legs since college and spent many a night awake because of it. When it started bothering my wife, I sought help with no relief and lots of side effects.This was given to me as a sample and produced immediate and long lasting relief even at the 1mg dose. No perceptible side effects
Rotator cuff.
I 'm a 59 year old male with asthma that has been on this medicine for 12 years. I 've tried them all and this seems to work the best for me. A few concerns I have since starting this is cramps in my calves and hands. You need to take vitamin supplements i.e. calcium and magnesium. I 've developed tinnitus or ringing in the ear, now constantly. Not sure if this is related.I also have sinusitis so bad that I will be having a turbinate reduction soon.You will develop a thrush or hoarse throat if you don 't gargle or rinse after use.I take 2 puffs in the morning and that usually does the trick.
I just got my Nexplanon taken out after the full 3 yrs and the same day I got another one put in. I LOVE this birth control! I totally understand that everyone reacts differently to things but I truly believe it is worth sticking it out for the first 6 months and THEN decide if you want it taken out. Nexplanon helped me clear up my acne and controlled my weight and I had barely any periods throughout the 3 years I was on it. It is amazing to not have to stress out about a pill every day and not have to go pick up a prescription every month. The ONLY downside is getting it taken out takes a little while and if you 're squeamish it can be a little uncomfortable but the insertion is so quick and easy you barely even notice it happening! love it
LDL was 124. Took 10mg Crestor 3 times a week. Six weeks later my LDL is down to 54. Doc says to go down to 2 pills a week, which will maintain the lower cholesterol number. No muscle cramps or joint pains with taking it a couple times a week instead of every day and its just as effective. Even if I did have cramps or joint pain it would still be worth it to get my cholesterol down, reduce heart disease and prevent dementia.
I love this birth control. I have tried probably 4 or 5 brands and nothing worked for me. Weight gain, too emotional, face breaking out like crazy. This one fixed it all. I 've been struggling with acne for a long time and I am on the middle of my second month and my skin is almost perfectly clear. It has made me so happy. My last birth control, Reclipsen made me crazy. I gained fifteen pounds in two months. There 's no other birth control I 'd use but this one. I 'd recommend it.
Been on Stribild for 4 weeks when I had my blood tests done.Prior had a Viral load of 360,000. Now I am undetectable!  After just 4 weeks.My CD4 has gone from 350 to 450 in same time.Very happy. Only side effect is I feel a little day sickness, but it seems to be more dehydration than anything.  Drink a lot of water you will be fine! Haven 't really changed anything in my life, not that it was crazy before.
One week. Still top notch shape. Luckily, my peripd ended a day earlier thsn my usual 5 day period.  Of course all medicines require side effects.dont feel extra moody or anything. My only concern is dry eyes so far when wearing my contacts, which will hopefully will subside before next month where i will be taking my yoga teacher intensive training. Definitely dramatically proved to subside much of my hormonal imbalance symptoms. I am 4&quot;11 and 100 lbs.. 28 years old. Healthy, active and finally seeing my acne under control in one week!
This will knock you out!  For the first month or so it was real hard to wake up in the morning but this wore off and I 've been on it ever since.
I have only experienced a handful of migraines as an adult (had them often as a child but they ended with puberty), but frequency has increased to 3 within the last year. This was the first time I have had migraine medicine to take. Dr. gave me a few different samples - Maxalt 10mg was the one I took. It was really AMAZING that within 5 minutes of taking it the vice-like pain was gone. I did experience extreme fatigue, some nausea, diuresis (clammy &amp; sweaty), and some muscle pain, but, to be honest I just tried to sleep through most of it. I woke up about 2hrs later feeling better and able to function again.Next time I will ask for a prescription for 5mg, which may decrease the side effects.
On it for 5 months now, and all I have to say is WOW. I have battled nervousness, anxiety and a very, very low stress threshold for all my life (I 'm 32 now). It all changed when I started taking Concerta. Started with 16 mg., and felt a lot more relaxed, but also started to develop a foggy kind of feeling in my head. After 2 weeks the dose was upped to 36, and the foggy feeling subsided a bit. Then on 54mg. 2 weeks later, it was like I could see things more clearly. My memory improved, I 'm  'sharper ', actually feel smarter. All of my anxiety, nervousness etc. is gone. cons: had a persistent fungal infection for a while (on my foot) allergic reaction (redness), &amp; slight tinnitus, but all in all very, very satisfied. A life saver for me!
Been in WeightWatchers for a year and struggled a bit now I am losing steadily for the 2 months thanks to Belviq my starting weight was 309 and now 269
For almost 2 years I had felt like I was exhausted and in pain all of the time. Was told that it was osteoarthritis and because of my getting adult acquired flat feet. Finally went to an arthritis doctor who said it was fibromyalgia and started on Cymbalta two weeks ago. Within 5 days, I felt relief. It have given me hope to be able to do things without constant pain. I still get tired easily, but I can finally sleep at night and not nearly as stiff in the morning. I was scared to death when reading about the side effects. Other than a headache for a few days... that was all for me. Sooo glad it has changed my life.
I 've taken it two times and it has worked wonders.  I will be HONEST, for my first time I was so worried because I didn 't take it 24 or 48 hours after unprotected sex... I took it almost 72 hours where the efficiency decreases and was very very worried.  I don 't advise this but I will tell you right now I did NOT get pregnant! My second time I took it within 12 hours of unprotected sex.  I do not want to risk with prolonging the time anymore but this pill is definitely reassuring! Stay safe ladies.
I don 't have chest pains but my heart was beating irregularly. Since being on Imdur my heart beats regular now.
Miracle drug for me. Only med that has ever helped with my depression.
I had whole body swelling, caused by retaining water. I didn 't have ankles, I had cankles, lol. I tried lasix, and 2 weeks later, It was down a little.Ankles still swollen just as much, but hands were going back to normal. Upon going to my check up, my doctor decided to try Bumex 2mg. Within 1 week, I was back to normal. The only problem I had with these pills is they 're large and sometimes get stuck in my throat.
I suffer from glossophobia or the fear of public speaking. I get full blown panic attacks in from of an audience. I am 31 years old and this phobia has been a burden. This morning, I had to do a presentation of 5 to 10 minutes in front of the board members (around 20). Basically, I had to report all my projects. It is basically a nightmare for me. Popped 20 mg of Propranolol 90 minutes before the show, 20 mg 60 minutes before and 20 mg 30 minutes before. I also had a hint of Ativan (0,5 mg) when I woke up. Not sure if the Ativan helped, but the panic symptoms never showed up and I delivered a great report. 10/10 will present again (with Prop).
I have been on Zoloft for 18 months now and I LOVE it.  I first went on it for some postpartum depression paired with several other major situations that were going on in my life.  After the first few days I felt like I could deal with my life, like this was something I always should have been on.  I have always dealt with bouts of depression and anxiety but was never put on any medication but I should have been. I will continue this Zoloft as long as my doctor will allow.
I take oxazepam 30mg as well as bystolic for tachycardia but it also helps put you to sleep. I still had issues going to sleep. I couldn 't sleep and my doctor added 6mg of silenor to my routine. Last night I took it, and it says to stay in bed for 30 minutes, well I did not listen, I got up to go to the entertainment room because I thought I was still awake enough to watch some tv, next thing I knew, I had fallen asleep sitting up and it was 7am. It works so well, tonight, I will definitely stay in bed the full 30 minutes to let it kick in. As for the kink in my neck, I 'm going to get a chiropractic adjustment later.
I am 39 years old and have been suffering from ADD my whole life. It wasn 't until recently I finally figured out what it was. After trying Ritalin which didn 't agree with me, and Adderall XR which made me irritable, anti -social and too engaged I read the reviews of this &amp; decided to give it a whirl. I 'm only on week 1, but compared to the others I am MUCH more myself with no anxiey!  Also, I am shocked at how low of a dose gets the job done. I am on 5mg once daily around noon. You may think you need more but start low &amp; see how much changes right before your very eyes. You get plenty done and still wind down after 4 hours. I sleep great and my appetite is only affected the first 3 hours. I didn 't give it a 10 b/c of some memory issues.
Thank goodness for a diagnose! And oxybutynin.  The truth is I have hypothyroidism which gives me terrible temperature fluctuations. I can be cold then I can be hot and so on. I also have fibromyalgia  which is autoimmune disease. And  last annoying temperature changer is ranaulds.  Another  pesky temperature changer that affects your nose, fingers and toes. I told my doctor about my reading about oxybutynin and how it treat temperature changes. I started on 5 mg of  Oxybutynin  that was a little too much for me. So I take 2.5 mg in the morning. And I 'm good for the day.  I dripped, change clothes three times a day, sweating at night, and now I 'm free.
I have been on Depakote for a very long time. I have not had any seizures in over 12 years now. I am also a border line manic-depressed. I am using it for that too plus Keppra they are both helping me in my two areas. I have not had any feeling of trying to kill myself or hurt myself in any way. Like I said before I had not had any seizures in over 20 years now. I do have to say this about Depakote that it does make you gain weight. I went from 250 to over 320. My doctor switched me over to levetiracetam 500mg (generic form of Keppra), and Lamotrigine 100 mg. Since I have been on these two medications for about 4 years now I have lost about 55 pounds in almost 2 years.
My doctor said the pearls did not work for her but other people said they work great. I tried them and in 20 min my cough was gone!! I see they don 't work for everyone but they worked for me!
I have to say that Nexplanon from personal experience has been the best birth control and decision I have ever made. I don 't have to worry about putting or taking something. It is just in my left arm and don 't feel anything. When the Dr first put it on me I was super nervous but it was a short sting. The only symptoms I got was feeling fatigued and migraines. No fun. My period last 3 weeks but it was very light. Now I don 't even get my period. Had it for 6 months and I love it!
So far so good! Had it put in on Halloween (of all days!) I was just finishing my period at that time, haven 't had another one since. No spotting or anything. I do think I 've been a little crankier as I adjust to the hormones. But I 've had no issues with libido. I did get the expecting bruising and mild soreness for a few days at the insertion site but nothing too crazy. I 'm very happy so far. No complaints. I would definitely recommend it.
In persistent Atrial Fibrillation for five years. Tried a few cardioversions and they lasted a week or so. I wasn 't very symptomatic so I lived with it along with Coumadin and then Pradaxa.  Had ablation, stayed in sinus for 2 weeks. Couldn 't tolerate flecanide. Had another cardioversion and would not convert. Put on Tikosyn and spontaneous normal sinus after one dose and no hint of AF since.
I 'm 19 years old and this is the second brand of the pill that I 've been on. I took Yaz first and I had the worst mood swings and it was extremely expensive. I have had no side effects with Loestrin 24 and it 's only $24 a month. My breasts did gain slight weight, but I think that just comes with the pill. Periods are completely normal, as they were irregular before I started taking the pill. Would recommend this pill to anyone.
I 've been on benzos for the past 3 years.I got started on Diazepam 5mg 3x daily for about 6 months. Worked good, but stopped working pretty quickly. Then got bumped up to Diazepam 10mg 3x daily, same results, 6 months later..felt like I was taking nothing. Then my doctor mentioned Alprazolam, he put me on 1mg 3x daily along with Wellbutrin. The Xanax worked GREAT, but I 've always had bad reactions to SSRI 's. So my doctor got me off the Wellbutrin and put me on Alprazolam 2mg 2x daily.. I 've been on the same dose for over a year and a half..and has worked perfectly. Great medication. But it does have the potential for abuse/addiction. Be careful with that because Withdrawal from any benzo is horrific.
The condom broke on Saturday night and we didn 't realize it until much later that night. I was completely freaking out so I made him go buy me the Plan B pill. I took the pill around 13 hours after sex. I don 't think I 've ever been that scared in my entire life. (Way too young to have a child) After taking this pill, I got sharp stomach pains. And 3 hours after I took it I experienced sore breasts that were so sore that I couldn 't ever wear a t-shirt. This pain lasted for 3-4 days. The days went on and my period tracker (if you don 't have one I suggest you download one) indicated that I was 3 days late for my period. I finally got it and I 've never been so happy! So glad I took this pill. I recommend this pill.
I had Mirena placed a couple weeks ago for major Dysfunctional Uterine Bleeding, with moderate Endometrial Hyperplasia (14mm), and Iron Deficiency Anemia with megaloblasts. Bleeding for 3 months straight. I was soaking through Ultra absorbency tampons every hour the week of getting the Mirena. I had it placed on a Wednesday and by Friday my bleeding had almost completely stopped. I have not had any spotting since.  The insertion felt like a quick cramp, and a fluttery feeling as the Mirena was being placed, not painful. I was very uncomfortably crampy that evening. But so far, moods are good, energy is coming back. My normal headaches are gone. I probably won 't need a blood transfusion. I am liking this Mirena!
I truly believe that I was allergic to all of the meds I have been taking for the past 7 years.  I started taking Anoro Ellipta 4 months ago and with the first inhale I could feel the oxygen hitting every cell of my body. It was the best feeling in the world. Still today I feel the same. I never use the emergency inhaler anymore. I have very severe COPD I thought I was going to die every day for years but now I think I can live another 20.
I ALWAYS get cold sores every time I get sick, so this morning when I woke up (after being sick all night) I noticed a little bump. I was so upset, I got so tired of cold sores. Every time I get them, they are huge and awful looking. So, I went to the doctor for the first time about my cold sores, and was prescribed Valtrex and I was only given 4 pills, and it was instructed to take all 4 pills in one day, I was a bit disappointed in that, though. I took all 4, and went to bed. Usually by the next morning (without medication) the cold sore gets bigger, but this time it didnt! I still had a small bump, but it would have been worse without the medication. From someone who suffers from bad cold sores, I am SO happy with this medicine!
First two months on the pill caused my first period to be longer than usual.
I went on this medication due to me having severe anxiety and mild OCD to the point where it affected me in almost every aspect, I 've only been on it for almost a month and so far the results have been amazing, the only side effect that I 've really noticed is the fact that I get sleepy so I take  it before bed. Other than that I 'm more happy, more calm, my OCD isn 't as bad anymore
I have had no side effects after 14 yrs. In the past 4 yrs. I slowly cut back to 4 15mgs a week. Now I can eat or drink anything I like.
This medicine is exceptional!  I have not had ANY hot flashes or moodiness - and i sleep well.
I had anterior lumbar fusion - implants, plates you name it, in November 2008.   My third surgery - Post operation, I was sure something went wrong due to the agonizing 24/7 pain. I was taking combination of 12-14 Norcos or Percocets a day.  Was shocked by how much pain pills I was burning through. My surgeon could find anything wrong. All in all, a humbling, frightening experience. Then I was prescribed MS-Contin and the agony is over.  Now I 'm planning to return to work. I 'm walking again. My wife is weeping with joy instead of mourning.MS-Contin saved my life.
I had my copper IUD fitted earlier in the week (T-Safe). I opted not to have local anaesthetic to my cervix, instead I 'd taken two ibuprofen/codeine an hour before the appointment. This was okay for me. I haven 't had children, my pain tolerance is normal I would say, it was slightly painful on two occasions, but this was fleeting and bearable. So far very happy with it, I had a day of cramping when it was put in, since then, very minimal cramps - I think my body is just getting used to it. The main reason I went with this method was so I didn 't have to take hormones. The only side effect I have noticed so far is an increase in discharge (thicker than before), but not worried about this. I will write another review in a few months.
I 've used this treatment for 6 weeks and my skin is flawless. No more acne!
This really does work. I 've never been more confident and happier. Even my family and friends said something has changed. I also don 't get as nervous in intimate situations. Give it a try if you 're skeptical.
I have suffered from prolonged migraines for over 20 years.  This is the first medicine I have used that relieved my pain.  My recent migraine was going on twelve hours when it was suggested that I try this medication.  Within 1 1/2 hours it was gone.  I am hoping not to use it again for a while, however the next time I need Cambia and it works, I will have found my miracle.
I am on my 2nd week of using this medication. I am taking it for insulin resistance and noticed a difference very quickly as far as appetite and hunger.  The first day after my first shot I did not eat as much at each meal and did not feel as ravenously hungry between meals.  It 's been a week and a half and I 've already dropped 6 lbs.  The needle is a little big but the weight loss is worth it.  I do have the itching around the injection site - about the size of a quarter and feels like a mosquito bite.  Hoping this diminishes..... but it 's the only really bothersome thing I 've noticed so far. No nausea (which was terrible with Victoza) and nothing else of note.  Hoping this (and the weight loss) continues.
I love it. Have not had any depression issues or suicidal thoughts. The only side effect (which I don 't mind) is having no appetite. This medicine is the best one I have ever taken for my anxiety, depression and bi-polar. It works great combined with klonopin. 
This worked great for me! Full 8 hours sleep and woke up very refreshed with no drowsiness.However it did not work as well when used on long haul flight as i continually woke up. Still not much drowsiness though
I started taking Ritalin about three months ago for my treatment-resistant depression, and it 's been absolutely great, better than any antidepressant I 've had so far (SSRIs, tricyclics etc). I take one 10mg pill in the morning, in combination with one 150mg Bupropion.This has been a pretty good combination, and very unusual here in Australia, since neither of these drugs are used to treat depression here, so I have a private script and use them off-label. I 'm so glad my psychiatrist put me on to Ritalin, it just makes me come alive. Originally, I was to take it off-and-on on  'busy days ' for energy, but now I take it everyday. I don 't have any side-effects, and I 'd highly recommend it.
After reading these post I have had similar symptoms. I have had acne but it 's not the kind that is  filled with puss it 's the hard ones that hurt and leave a scar even if you don 't touch it. This pill on the first week makes me extremely nauseous and shaky. I don 't eat much when on this pill so I have been losing a lot of weight which to be honest I 'm slimming down in my waist and belly area. I don 't even eat some days which is extremely bad, so I just drink lots of water and juices. I have been eating snacks rather than a full meal. If I do it 's one big meal for the day (mostly dinner) and that 's it. I haven 't gotten pregnant yet.  I take the pill everyday at 7am so I should be okay but I will come back and review.
From the age of eleven to seventeen, I lost touch to reality, no doctor could figure out what was wrong with me cause I didn 't tell my real problems. I was living in an imaginary world. At the age of seventeen I was finally able to express some of my problems, and got started on Seroquel XR, day by day I had the feeling of becoming normal again, and regained the control over my own life. I still have issues from all the problems that involved my past, but I can truly say that I got control back. I truly think Seroquel XR saved my life.
I was 270lbs about 3 months ago. My doctor prescribed me with phentermine and I was rapidly losing weight. It was unbelievable. I am now 210lbs and I 'm choosing this prescription to be my last. 60lbs in 3 months is not bad at all! Considering I went on a cruise ship with 24 hour unlimited food. We 'll see what happens after I 'm done with this pill.
After all the treatments I had from the doctor, nothing really suppressed the cough, which I have had for years. After taking Mucinex, my cough and the associated Phlegm has almost disappeared. I am a 74 yr old male but my side effects seem to be the opposite to others. i.e. I am doing more sleeping than normal, at any time night or day, but thank heavens for the cessation of cough.
I 've been using 40 mg of prozac daily for almost a year now, I went from the worst I 've ever been, crying all the time never being able to stop thinking about how much I hated myself life and everything about life, I was not eating, was so full of rage and hate and had the most negative mindset towards everything, like every second of my life was hell and pointless seeming, I wished I was dead (although would never actually kill myself for my families sake) and after about 2 or 3 weeks of taking the prozac everything got so much better it was like it flipped a switch in my head and the negative thoughts went away and I actually felt good and happy which I thought was so impossible to feel, taking these meds was the best thing I 've ever done
I have used this medicine on an as need to basis for two years or so and it has had remarkable effect on my ability to function normally and beyond using 100mg, sometimes twice a day if I need to keep going into the next day.
I have taken Casodex for years and PSA stays around 3.7.  No operation.  Side effect is enlarged breasts. Now 79 years old and swimming a mile a day. Feel strong and doing well.
I have been on it for 8 years after two years of taking the pill. Honestly the best thing ever! I 've had no side effects or weight gain (a part from the natural small weight gain with age). I have recommended it to many people over the years and many friends who have now been on it for years as well.
Drysol completely changed my life. My armpits would sweat so much even in the middle of the winter with just a t-shirt on. I got in the habit of always wearing a tank top and a thick cardigan over it in the winter time so the thickness of the cardigan could normally hide my sweat, unlike a regular long sleeve shirt. I didn 't know what was wrong with me, but someone told me about Drysol, so I looked it up. I read the reviews that all said, &quot;I seriously didn 't think anything could help me, but this is a life saver&quot; etc. I thought, &quot;Well, their situation must not be as severe as mine. Nothing had worked for me and I doubt this will.&quot; Boy was I wrong. This stuff is AMAZING. It completely changed my life and I highly recommend it.
My husband suffers erectile dysfunction occasionally, which is mainly due to his anxiety. He was prescribed Viagra and takes 12.5mg with water and on an empty stomach.  After about 1 hour he gets a great erection which lasts about about 45 minutes. This is great for both of us. The side effects he experiences are a mild headache and nasal congestion, which lasts for about 6 hours. I would highly recommend this medication but would suggest taking time to find the best dosage to suit the individual needs. We will continue with our current low dosage as this works very well for us.
I am a 33 yr old woman with Anxiety, irritabilty, ocd . I have been on many different medications since i was 18. My new doctor finally sent me to a psychologist to see if effexor was the right drug for me after being on it for 18 months with some improvement but not great improvement. At the time I was on 75 mg a day. The psychologist upped my dosage to 200 mg a day. Since then I have had very slight anxiety, and only when even a normal person would have a panic attack. My OCD is manageable. And I no longer wish everyone dead. I have had 0 side effects what so ever.  Only thing I have noticed is when i miss a couple days, (mom of 3 it happens), all my problems come back 100%. I never take my meds at the same time and have never had withdrawal.
I have used Benicar for 8 years with no side effect. Very very satisfied. Blood pressure has been at a constant 125/82.
Suffered a major panic attack whilst driving 6 months ago, which left me with constant severe anxiety. My doctor put me on citalopram and beta blockers which made things much worse. I was now having panic attacks, night terrors, feeling very suicidal.  I was eventually put on 2mg Diazepam tablets.  This helped within 20 minutes of my first tablet.  I felt slightly less anxious and a bit medicated. Continued taking 2/3 tabs a day for the next few weeks.  Dramatic improvement.  When I 'm feeling a bit dodgy I will still use as and when needed.
In my teens I suffered migraines quite frequently, but took no medication. Now they come on once or twice a year.  I experience visual distortions before the onset of a migraine, and experience nausea and sometimes vomit during a migraine, which lasts a few hours.If I take a couple of Cafergot tablets during the visual distortion stage it is usually prevents the migraine. Once the headache sets in taking any medication is ineffective.I discovered Cafergot when I spoke to a pharmacist years ago here in Thailand, where it is available over the counter, without a prescription.
I was prescribed Cryselle for extremely heavy periods due to a fibroid tumor. The bleeding I experienced not only interfered with my daily life, but also caused anemia and seemed to only be getting heavier by the month.I started taking Cryselle 4 months ago - and haven 't experienced any negative side effects (other than the expected break through bleeding month two, which I attributed to my body adjusting to the medication). My periods are much lighter! Also,PMS type symptoms like sore breasts and bloating have significantly decreased. I 'm very pleased so far with Cryselle!
Without this medication (I am in need of back surgery), I wouldn 't be able to function!
I took the emergency contraception pill almost 5 days before my ovulation. I took it within 3 hours of the mishap with the condom. I was worried sick thinking I could be pregnant. My period was meant to come on a Monday, but it came on Sunday, which was 6 days late. I was so scared, I nearly cried, but I did end up getting my period. I 'm so relieved. All that stress didn 't help. If you have taken the Emergency Cobtraceptive Pill, don 't worry if your period is a bit delayed.
I was recently diagnosed with GERD.  Of course this was after a trip to the hospital thinking I was having heart problems.The Doc put me on Protonix and after about 1 week it 's as if my life was back to normal.  Unfortunately, my insurance doesn 't cover it any more so I gave it a &quot;9&quot; instead of a &quot;10&quot; rating for this alone.  With many generic others costing only $5 for 60 days.Anyway, I suggest that if you do try it, give it a few days to work.
Depression, and I would not be surprised to be told I have ADD. ADD was something never thought of in my day. Anyway Wellbutrin XL 300 in one month has moved me out of a 3 year funk of sleeping all day if I could. Getting nothing done and things piling up, getting up to go all day and living off of 6, 7, 8 hours of sleep in a day, reduced eating in a good way and I could go on about any number of positives.Funny how I could be this lucky to find the drug that works for me. An inhibitor of dopamine re-uptake rather than ever being involved with taking various SSRIs as a first line of attack. So far I have nothing negative to say about this medicine except I wish I found this earlier for me.
Currently at 200mg to control insomnia and migraines. Only small side effect is occasional slight dizziness. Other than that, now that I am on correct dosage, minimal side effects and complete relief from issues.. as an aside, was unable to get refill for a week once and experienced extreme, worsening withdrawal symptoms: constant, mild headaches. Diarrhea. Vomiting. Debilitating nausea, dizziness and vertigo. Runny nose. Complete loss of appetite. Feeling dehydrated. Constant panic attacks: uncontrollable anxiety, racing heart, profuse sweating and feeling dehydrated and like I 'm gasping for air. I 've had remarkable success with the drug, but I caution anyone considering stopping to confer w their dr and wean off rather than cold turkey.
I have narcolepsy and I take 20mg three times per day of quick release tabs. Mornings are great but mid to late afternoon I tend to nap and then take my last dose after last nap. Adderall helps great for keeping me awake and alert.
BC Powder works wonderful for me. Stops all my joint pain and severe back pain, which allows me to do normal things that I am unable to do, at times.
Yup no doubt it works. I take it at night before I sleep so then in the morning I am forced to wake up because the cramps hurt so much. But honestly it works, and the pain is bearable, and the result is awesome, a bunch of diarrhea later and I feel awesome!
I like everyone suffered from acne for the longest time. My face was so gross it hindered my self confidence and faith in myself. Like everyone, I tried a million creams and pills and washes, none worked, and a lot made my acne worse. Acutane is the nuclear option. It cuts off all moisture to your face, and your face basically presses the reset button and figures out that sending all that oil isn 't a good idea. Of course, that means your lips are chapped, your face is dry, and you 'll probably get nosebleeds. To me, that was more than worth it. If you think there are other routes to stop your face from looking like a pizza, try those, but if you 've tried everything and are ready to nuke your face and try again, acutane worked.
I have been taking 2mg of Abilify for a week and I am a different person. I am alive again.
The first several times of using this nasal spray almost made me barf. Actually, come to think of it, I did barf. However, I will say that this is the MOST effective nasal spray on the market! Most websites with information about Dymista (even their own website) are stating that it takes up to a week for the medication to work.  I have not had to wait that long.  For me, the spray works within seconds. I have allergies all year round. I visited my allergist and had a skin prick test done...allergic to everything...trees, pollen, dust, cockroach dust, grass, ..anything you can think of. I am not happy about the price, and am very hopeful that soon, the price will drop a little. 
My boyfriend got me on Drixoral. It 's the only thing that works with my family when the cold season comes around!  My whole family loves it!  Why did they discontinue it and I 'm praying that the company that makes it will definitley bring it back!
The first 2 days of using differen gel were a little rough. My skin was super dry and I had to keep caking on the moisturizer. I took a couple days off from use and then started back daily use with no problem. I just moisturizer every morning. My skin still isn 't perfect but it at least dries up the lager cystic acne. I still get blackheads around nose and small &quot;under the skin whiteheads&quot; around my chin. But I don 't exfoliate like I should so that 's my own fault.
I had a dry spot just above my lip on the right side. After using biafine for two weeks it has cleared away.
I was diagnosed with Interstitial Cystitis in March of this year. The first few weeks were some of the worst of my life. I changed my diet, was put on Elmiron, Zyrtec and Vesicare with zero relief in any symptoms. Was at the end of my rope when my PCP suggested Elavil.  In 3 days my symptoms were nearly gone. Pain was gone. Urgency/frequency cut in half.  But I immediately started gaining weight. A lot of weight, and fast.  And I am diabetic and any weight gain is very bad for me.  So I 've had to choose to not take it and live with the pain and constant peeing because I cannot afford to gain any weight due the diabetes.  I 'm basically distraught.  Diabetes will kill me, but the Interstitial Cystitis pain is causing major depression.  I am at a loss as nothing else has worked.
When I 'm feeling my anxiety start knowing that this could ruin my day and the day of those that depend on me I just take 1mg of clonazepam and within 15-30mins I feel relaxed and on track again.
I 've been on this pill almost 2 years. I gained maybe 5 pounds, but I am also in a happy relationship so weight gain could be from that. I no longer have a period. I may get brown spotting every 4-5 months. I stopped chewing the nasty thing, and I swallow it. I get migraines if I take placebos so I skip those every other month and go to a new packet. Cleared my acne, no pain, my breasts actually got bigger. I am very happy with this pill. No pregnancies! I never take it on time &amp; I skip it. I 'm your typical user. I also don 't worry about becoming pregnant since I don 't build a lining. Love this pill.
I have been pretty medicine resistant to most medications, the best medication for me was Zoloft until it lost its effectiveness on me.  I have been on Brintellix for about a month now, was upped to 20mgs last week, and it is just amazing for me. I feel a sense of happiness and hope that I haven 't felt in a long time, I really didn 't see as much improvement until the medication was upped to 20 mgs, then so far it has been awesome, I have had no side effects other than the first few days I was a little antsy and lightheaded.
I had a heart attack and had a stent which led to a stroke and the need for brain surgery.  Miraculously, I was saved by a young neurological surgeon.  Seizures followed but the recovery the first 3 months on a lot of different medication made the outlook positive.  Medication was lowered and I started experiencing what we feared were TIAs but was finally diagnosed as a form of epilepsy.  The first medications did not work well until I have been on Levetiractam for 6 months and everything has improved a lot during that period including memory and mood.  I do have the sleepiness at night but not a problem.
I can 't say enough positive things about YAZ. I was previously on Tilia (Estrostep) and recently switched. In only 3 weeks, my face has almost totally cleared up and my skin looks overall so much better. I seem to also have lost a little weight which is always a plus. The only one negative thing I can say is I am a little more tired in the mornings but it 's not too bad. I would recommend this product a million times over.
I have tremors after taking Neurontin for only two weeks I have noticed a marked improvement.
After all the horror stories I 've heard about colonoscopy preps, I was hesitant to even think about the process. Having said that, PrepOPik was the easiest part of the entire procedure. No gagging on gallons of yuck, no cramping, no nausea ... nothing unpleasant other than the induced diarrhea. I 'd recommend this prep in a heartbeat!
I started  lupron 2 weeks ago for endometriosis.  So far I 've had 0 side effects.  And no pain! I 'm just starting so we 'll see if I change my mind
My doctor recommended me to take this birth control pill as I was diagnosed with endometriosis outside of my ovary and had to get a large cyst removed.  So far since I 've recently started these hormones I have been  feeling great. I just noticed that it makes me very hungry, but my mood has been excellent. Feeling great can 't complain.
I 've only been on it for one month so my opinion and perspective might be a little skewed. However, I 've experienced nothing but wonderful things. I have acneprone skin and I have not had any major breakouts. I have a curbed appetite now. I do sweat more but only when I 'm being active. My period is so light, which is a definite plus! I highly recommend at least trying. Everyone 's body is different, but it works for me.
Cymbalta has made my life almost pain free. I am having hot flashes since I 've been on it. Taking it for 1 month.
My doctor has given me about 7 or 8 blood pressure medicines but I would have some bad side effect and the medicines would not work or would bring my blood pressure down too low. Niacin the only blood pressure medicine that has controlled my blood pressure with minimal side effects.
I have been taking this medication for 3 weeks now and have noticed that my moods have stabilized.  I feel like this medication is really working in that respect and helping to make mine and my family 's life much better.  So far, this medicine works!
Saved my life after trying various antidepressants with no results. Felt dizzy and nauseaus the first weeks, but noticed improvements in mood within days.
Relpax has changed my life. I used to suffer for 3 days with such painful migranes. I couldn 't even leave the bedroom. Any light or sound would cause me to vomit. If I start to get a migrane I take 1 Relpax and I am relieved.  The side effects are minimal, maybe a little light-headed, just like after a glass of wine! I am a nurse and I recommend this medication to anyone who has suffered from migraines.
I started on 25mg of lamictal and initially it did not do anything for me until I slowly increased the dosage in the past few months. I am now at 150mg and I would say this medication has helped me immensely. I am no longer in a deep depression, I can manage my moods better, and my anxiety.. the chest pressure feeling I would get in my chest all day and every day as well as the obsessive thoughts and worry are extremely decreased. I feel like a normal human being now. From time to time I would get sad, but it is not anywhere close to what it used to be. This drug is amazing. I feel like upping the dosage to 200mg would make this perfect, but we shall wait and see with my psychiatrist this week. :)
Was on Cipro for 3 days and in the hospital for 4 days. Even though the doctors at the hospital couldn 't properly diagnose my condition I got better with no side effects.
I am taking this with metformin for over a week now. It took a few days to overcome the &quot;sinus headache&quot; effect. Other than that, controlling my sugar is less stressful with this med. added to my regimen of diet and exercise. (I was diagnosed about 3 months ago).
I think this has to be the best birth control out of all i have tried (shot, pills etc.) The first time i got it i had mood swings, headaches and the last three months before it needed to get removed i had the heaviest period i have ever had. Then i took a small break from it and got the shot (instantly gained almost 10 pounds), so back to it i went. This time i feel great about it. No weight gain, mood swings, or headaches. When you put something in your body that stops a process your body was made to do, OF COURSE your gonna have side effects. Besides the insertion and removal, everything about this contraception is worth it.
My girlfriend has been on Lexapro for less than a month and she 's already shown a drastic change in her attitude. At 1st she was quite difficult but now she 's happy 98% of the time. She no longer talks about suicide and she 's actually able to hold on a conversation without shutting down and getting depressed. Thank you Lexapro...you saved our lives!
I started amitriptyline about 5 or 6 years ago. It was a miracle drug. But it has stopped working in the last 2 months. I 've been in the ER 5 times in 2 months. 2 episodes fell on a day I had wakes to go to, and missed them due to CVS. Has anyone had success with any other medications? I am desperate for a new med before I loose my job!!!!
Just want to drop by and let everyone know that Belviq has made my weight loss easy with no side effects.  Highly recommended.  
I am 52 and I had sleep problems from approximately age 33 until age 45 when I started taking Ambien. Somewhere in there I almost got fired for falling asleep at work several times so I asked my doctor for help and he prescribed Ambien and I couldn 't feel happier about it. Most nights I take 5 mg and I sleep well.  Some nights I have to take 10 mg. I have occasional Ambien amnesia but other than that I have had no side affects.  My doctor keeps telling me I need to quit taking it but since he takes it too he keeps writing me scripts. Make sure you don 't drink alcohol or take other medicines at the same time and you should be fine. My mom and dad had sleep problems so I know it is hereditary. I love this medicine.
I have PAH in the later stages, this medicine has improved my breathing with the other medicines I am taking. My 6 minute walk test improved also. Only problem is the sore throat from coughing after using it.
I 'm a 27 year old male who uses Fentanyl for chronic pain, and as a result, my testosterone dropped to 178.  Aside from the obvious sexual dysfunctions from having low testosterone, I was constantly BURNING UP hot all the time, even with the AC down to 64 degrees!  These hot flashes stopped within a week of me starting treatment, and my sexual functions improved dramatically.  After a month my testosterone was 544, better, but still not where I 'd like it, so I 'm going to ask for the 7.5mg dose.  I also have type 1 diabetes with insulin resistance, and the Androgel definitely helped the insulin resistance.This medicine looks and smells just like hand sanitizer and is very easy to use.  The fumes can be pretty strong, but I got used to it.
I have been taking 4mg once in morning for last 8 or 9 years without any problems. Weight is staying stable within 5 lbs  /- for the last 8 or 9 years. 
Have been taking Lamictal for 4 years (400mg). I had severe mania for 3 years before that. Went through 13 different medicines. They all seemed to make things worse and became very destructive with not only my life but I also became dangerous to others. If it were not for Lamictal I would most surely be dead. I sometimes still go through the depression and have added antidepressants but too many side effects. I have insomnia so I also take Ambien CR and Xanax. It 's not a healthy combination but it all works for the most part. I 'm sad for those of you that had to stop taking Lamictal for some reason or another. It 's a great thing not to be sick anymore.
I 've always been an anxious person who stays in a state of mania and the drops into depression. This medication is basically a miracle. It works immediately and I 've been taking it for 3 months now with virtually no side effects. I don 't have racing thoughts any more and my heart doesn 't race a mile a minute. I have reacted to stressful situations a lot more rationally and calmly than I ever have in my life. I am also just starting to take Lamicatal. I believe the combinations is really effective. I also sleep so well and don 't feel groggy in the morning! Really give it a shot.
My Dr prescribed 25MG tablets of meclizine a couple of years ago. I take it on an &quot;as needed&quot; basis and it has taken care of the times I have symptoms of lightheadedness or dizziness, maybe once or twice a month. I have had no side effects and sleep well with or without the tablet and can drive with no problem.
I just starting to take Aleve, I take one every morning. So far no bad side effects. It sure has improve my joint pain and stiffness.
Been taking for over 25 years works and never had a problem.
This is the 2nd time I 've used Plan B within a 2 year time frame. Both times the condom broke, and both times I bought Plan B a few hours after. I was really skeptical about whether or not it would be as efficient using it again a second time. However I got my period about a week later. The only negative side effect would be a super heavy period. If that 's the worst that comes from the situation though, I have zero complaints! This pill is a miracle in disguise! Ladies, I would highly recommend this to anyone in a similar situation to myself. Be smart and best of luck to you all!
I carry 2 EpiPens with me at all times, they have saved me more than once. When an anaphylactic reaction strikes I reach for my epipen, inject and within minutes I 'm feeling better. I carry 2 in case the first dose is not enough, that has only happened once and the second dose did the trick. Thankful to still be alive. I follow up with benadryl to stop itching hives.
After shoulder surgery, I found it very useful, but would have headaches in the morning after.  I quit using after about 10 days.
Doctor put me on Victoza. Metformin alone wasn 't cutting it. Started a little over 2 weeks ago, lost 13 pounds, curved my appetite. I feel great and my sugar level is averaging about 110 and it was over 220.  love it....
The Dosepak worked very well for me.  After about the 3rd day, the swelling and itching had reduced considerably.
No side effects at all. No problems at all. Had two spots on my back that are gone. Thanks doc for recommending this treatment.
I have been taking zovirax for over 12 years, 400 mg each night at bedtime.  I have only had a few outbreaks, caused by kissing my husband who had outbreaks.  On doctor 's orders, I am to increase to 800 mg each night at bedtime when I do have an outbreak, or when I 'm not feeling well.  Other virus ' can set off a cold sore attack.
After first two years of trigeminal neuralgia without drugs I finally gave in and began Tegretol XR at only 200MG a day. It halved my pain and made &quot;life livable&quot; again... dragging my feet on asking for an upped dosage since I fear it may lose its effectiveness.
Don 't be afraid to take the PrevPac for h. pylori. I have suffered for a month with pain, nausea, vomiting, and diarrhea. I 'm on only day 3 of a 14 day treatment and I am almost back to my old self again! Many people complain about the side effects, but all I have experienced is a slight metal taste in my mouth at times - so worth being almost well.
I have taken Neurontin for 5 days now..400 mg 4 times a day. It is like a miracle medicine for me. I was drinking 18-24 beers a day..one 10 mg Valium, lots of coffee and smoking 1 1/2 - 2 Packs of cigarettes a day. Anxiety levels were High. I feel rested, calm, clear headed and No anxiety. It 's been 20 years since I have felt this good. I drank a lot and took a lot of nerve pills. I went to rehab for 3 days. Doctor put me on Neurontin 1600 daily. I feel a little sluggish, but that is a lot better than the way I felt a week ago. I have No caffeine, cigarettes, valium or alcohol. I have saved a lot of money now. ($30) a day habit. I do wear a 21 mg patch though. Please give this Drug a try. Get the right dosage for you will help a lot.
Only medicine that relieved my very burning, painful eyes.
I have a 5 month old and just had the Mirena last month. It is amazing! Did not hurt whatsoever when they inserted it. I have had no side effects, cramping, nothing! I even have noticed I have lost a few pounds versus the weight gain of traditional birth control pills. I read reviews for weeks that terrified me for no reason, it was painless. It is worth every penny and I am so pleased with the results. 
Best med in the world for sick kids 
I love it!!! I hated taking birth control pills due to all the horrible side effects! When I first was given Aubra I read the reviews and it really made me not want to take them!! So I figured why not I have too see if I will be victim too. I suffer from PMS sooooo bad and mood swings. With this pill it was totally opposite from me!!! I don 't have PMS Its like I 'm the calmest person ever I can think with a clear head and I 'm so much more happier!! No weight gain nothing different with acne I feel normal and great!! Im almost done with my second month and I pray everything stays this way!
I have been taking a 15 mg weekly dose (three doses of 5 mg at 12 hour intervals once a week) for five weeks now.  My psoriasis -- pretty heavy scaling on all joints, and &quot;splatter&quot; over pretty much the whole body, which I 've had for 18 years (I 'm 51) -- has gone almost completely (still a little bit on elbows, knees, and ankles; hands and rest of body are completely clear).Yes, early days, but hopefully....My only suggestion is to get empty gelatine capsules (or gelatine substitute if you are vegetarian; harder to get hold of) and put the tablets in them before taking.  Helps avoid stomach upset.
Had a herniated disc in between my L-5,S-1 vertebrae and had been prescribed Percocet for 7 months. Had 3 epidural steroid injections that worked for a while but then faded away. Finally had surgery and as a bodybuilder had a lot of muscle in my lower back to cut through to shave the disk off of the nerve. Was prescribed the Percocet still and Soma for muscle spasms and pain. All Soma did was make me pass out with little effect. Was currently changed to Norflex for the spasms and I only take 1 pill a day and it has done wonders without any side affects. Highly recommended for anyone with spasms or migraines.
I was ready to walk out on my husband because of his hateful stressful presence. I sent him to the doctor and he was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and started on Abilify. It was a lifesaver for our marriage and family. He is happy, fun, and hopeful again. I thank God my prayers were answered.
I have been on Topiragen since about 2004/2005. It is now 2013. I have been on 100mg and just recently been increased to 150mg. I have been epileptic most my life. Topiragen is fantastic. As long as I take care of myself and take it properly I hardly have any issues. It was increased but only because I am overly stressed so I am having more issues with my myclonics. Also, and very important...I took this while I was pregnant. I did slack off on taking it since it was a new drug at the time. My son does have Aspergers (not medically diagnosed..he was diagnosed by the state of Iowa -AEA) I did try to breast feed but after 2 wks my breasts stopped producing milk. Idk if it is connected.
I fell into alcohol dependancy a few years ago to try to cope with a bad marriage - was drinking up to two bottles of wine a night.  Doctor put me on Naltrexone to help me get control.  I lost the desire to drink on the first day of taking it. It 's been two weeks now and I 'm doing well.   It 's a great first step.  The only side effect I 've noticed is that I 'm very tired, but it seems to be getting better.  Now to deal with the emotions and other stuff that led me to drink in the first place.  Good luck to you all.
Best medication personally for anxiety and panic attacks. I have been taking 3-6mgs a day since I was 16 and compared to all the other benzodiazepines it has been the safest for long term use. I have tried Ativan, Xanax, and Valium also and did not have good experiences due to many side effects and they only worked for a couple weeks for me. Personally all medications have withdrawal so why not choose the best medication for yourself. SSRI 's are just as hard to come off of as Benzos because of withdrawals, but most doctors don 't tell you that.
On week 3 and a half.  Have learned most my  'side effects ' are from being hungry from forgetting to eat, caffeine withdrawal from no longer needing 6  cups a day for a bit of energy.  Now, I eat small amounts of healthy foods that taste so good to me and dont make me feel sick.  Foods I used to eat now make me nauseous.  I have plenty of energy. Small amounts now give a full feeling.  I enjoy slow eating now and all the tastes.  I got dry mouth at first but now don 't as I drink water like everyone says you should.  Only now I enjoy it.  I was irritable the first two weeks but think that was the caffeine withdrawal.  No longer need a secret sugar or pasta fix either.  Lost 12 pounds first two weeks.  Each day losing 1-3 pounds.
Inflamed tedonitis around top of leg, not far from groin area.  This was injured from running. Been hurting for 3 weeks and getting worse. Just started a 10 day round of prednisone  10mg yesterday. Today I feel 85%  better as far as pain. Incredible!!!!!!
I tried every pain medication for my back pain, it did not work. When I got in pain Management he put me on Percocet 10-325 that the best thing that ever happen now I get to sleep at night, play with my kids, go workout at the gym cut my grass and I have no pain. This was a blessing, thanks to the people who made this medicine.
After trying all kinds of pain medicines, I was about ready to give up.  I was having issues at work, couldn 't take care of my kids let alone myself because of the severity of the pain.  My doctor decided to try me on Oxycontin and it has been a miracle.  I can play with my kids again.  My productivity at work has increased three-fold.  I am not calling in sick all the time and I am enjoying life.  I start clinicals in the fall.  Miracle.
Gianvi gave me lighter and shorter periods, clear face, no cramps, no weight gain and no spotting. The only bad things I have to say are that I was dry during sex sometimes (not sure if the pill was to blame) and I had very slight increased irritability (not severe enough to affect my life). I switched to Junel FE a week ago because I needed the extra iron but if that doesn 't work too well with my body, I will definitely switch back to Gianvi. Overall, it was a good pill for me.
I have been suffering from a surgery on my back that went wrong. I have had 2 other surgeries in the last year to correct it and have had little recovery. I have been taking Norco 10/325 since then 6 times a day and because of it I have been able to still do stuff with my kids and family. I have had no adverse side effects. All my blood work comes back great. This is definitely a medication that works wonders.
Loperamide is very helpful for diarrhea within 4 (or fewer caplets). It helps with the stomach cramping too. It was also helpful for when I had the stomach flu.
Was infected back in October 2015. Started TRIUMEQ 25 days ago. First 5 days were unbearable hated every minute of it until I changed my time taking the pill to nighttime. So far 20 days later no side effects anymore used to get headaches, joint pain, muscle pain. Diagnosed with VL of 10,000 and CD4 of 562. Will update once I get my monthly result next week. Trillium Drug Benefit covers most of out of pocket and my families insurance covers the rest. I only pay around 450$ a year.
I work at a bar. Last night was the first night I started Ambien and I fell right to sleep, woke up early, went for a jog I feel amazing.
I have been using Humira for about 2 years now, I was taking Remicade before that for about 5 years which also worked wonderfully. The Humira is more convenient for me as I don 't have to go in to the doctor for an appointment anymore, except for my check ups. I highly recommend this medicine to anyone looking to get off all the other prescriptions that can be a pain to take everyday. Humira is AWESOME.
I take it at the first sign of tightness or coughing and it provides relief from an attack within minutes.  My doctor has combined it with a Qvar inhaler and my asthma is well managed.
I tried EVERYTHING.   I 'm 70 and have had chronic constipation.   Nothing worked.  Today I was miserable!  But, then I decided to try what my 98 year old Mother In law took every night of her long life.  MOM!   I also know a woman who is 104 and takes two tablespoons every night of her exceptional life.   Both these women had no side effects and regular as clock work.    I took 2 TBs of the cherry flavored MOM at 10am and at 2:30 it worked !    Try it, people :)
I took Sertraline for Moderate Depression which it was exceptionally good at diminishing. I have been taking it for just under 6 weeks for moderate depression, social anxiety and generalised anxiety. It worked for depression the best, by far; however, not half as good for the anxiety, perhaps because it requires a higher dose and longer intake. Definitely consider Sertraline for depression, its side effects were minimal (if any because it was so unnoticeable).
I went to the dematolagist a couple of weeks ago and I had pretty bad eczema on my hands for about 3 years it started on my wrist and then disappeared and it started on my hands \ fingers and it would worsen around spring and summer I never went to the dermatologist (for money reasons) but they prescribed me this cream and my eczema already looked better in the first 3 days and I love it, my eczema is almost gone, and my derm sent me to Walmart to get is and it was just $4 (:
I have suffered with severe depression for at least 25 years. I wasn 't willing to admit that I needed help...just kept trying to power through it. The past year has been a nightmare. I went to a family doctor and was prescribed Wellbutrin. Felt like I was on the verge of becoming psychotic within 1 week. I stopped taking the medicine and just gutted it out. Barely hanging on. Barely surviving. My wife convinced me to go to a psychiatrist and I was prescribed Pristiq. Following my first dose, my life has changed! I never knew how bad off I was until I started taking Pristiq. Before I was SUFFERING everyday of my life. I now feel hope. I now feel confident. I now want to do things with my family. I now have renewed interest in my job. Pristiq has changed my life. I can 't believe it. I am so thankful that I have this medicine. I 'm kicking myself for not getting help sooner.
I promise to write about this if it work Girls I know you are worried, I swear I was like that when my bf ejaculated in me. At first I thought this pill work all year around so I allowed him but I later read that if you ovulated, it might not work so I was freaking out for months and I went through like 20+ pregnancy tests. I took plan b in February and now it 's July so I can say this pill works. It does made me have PMS/pregnancy symptoms, I was spotting and my period was light. That alone made me wonder is this was implanation bleeding, luckily it 's not. For me, it affected my period for so many months, it was much lighter and shorter before. Again I recommend this for emergency only. I now practice NFP or natural family planning.
Buproprion XL was helpful for a season when depression was hitting very hard with Bipolar.  When I initially started taking it, I saw effects right away.  I didn 't notice any false happiness like many associate with &quot;anti-depressants&quot; but it lightened my mood which had been pretty depressed for some time.  Over time I did notice the effect of the drug lessened and I did quit taking it, but it was helpful during the time I needed it.  I had previously tried Zoloft and I found Buproprion superior to Zoloft in my personal experience.
I read a lot of reviews and here 's what worked for me - 3 days ahead I ate a low fiber diet, cut my calories in almost half and drank lots of water. The day before I had a slight hunger headache but managed ok on the liquid diet. I drank my first &quot;cocktail&quot; at 6pm, topping it off with a splash of gingerale. I forgot the straw but put a bit of Anbusol on my tongue (which was icky tasting.) I didn 't find it horrible just was aware that it 's a different consistency than pure water. I brushed my teeth and took about 40 minutes to drink the 32 ounces of water. Things got going 50 min later, for about 2 hours. No cramping, gentle elimination, just chills from all the cold liquid so am sipping tea now. I start again at 3:30am. Good luck!
I 'm only 40 years old and after a life time of urgency and frequency - Myrbetriq has changed everything! I can remember being in my early teens and having dreadful pain throughout the day - it 's been like that until now. I 've been on 50mg for about 3 weeks now no really side effect yet.  Except one that puzzles me - somehow it 's relieved body and joint pain I 've had for years. I have a couple of autoimmune diseases, so I always thought that pain was caused by that - and my doctors treated me for it too. I 've tried finding information on if Myrbetriq somehow helps with pain, but I haven 't found anything on it. Perhaps it 's jjust a reaction I 've had? It 's just odd and I 'm not one to just to conclusion but I can 't help assume.
The best thing that ever happened to me as far as medication is concerned. I have been on this for 7 years after a lifetime of Rennies and similar unhelpful &quot;blanks&quot;. I have never had a problem since starting on pantoprazole.
Taking this version of clonidine and Restoritol helped me finally get off of oxycodone and hydrocodone after 4 1/2 years of use! Glad to share my review. Hope this helps!
My basal cell had recurred after surgical removal. Another removal would have resulted in extensive plastic surgery. The Aldara had no visible effect until the second week. By the fifth week, the area looked horrible and I became concerned. Nevertheless, I continued application and by week eight, I was looking in the mirror at new, fresh, pink skin. Wonderful!Based upon my experience, I think it is generally correct to believe that if there is one basal cell area, the entire face is damaged, even though it is not visible. Therefore, I would recommend using the cream only on the limited, visible lesion.  Otherwise, the area of lesions will be large and scary.
Took metformin to no effect for six years. In six weeks Prandin has dropped me into the 90s, something I thought I would never see.  Doctor admits being surprised by the results and has taken me off insulin pen. Overall results are remarkable.  Supposed to take three 0.5 mg but usually just take two, three knocks me down to where I have to eat ice cream. That 's not so bad though, just unexpected.
I have been on the patch for about 2 years now, it is really good and simple to use, no weight gain no throwing up. After a year I decided to swap to the pill just to try and had a horrible time. I felt sick all of the time, was too moody and just wanted to be alone, my sex drive plumeted and everything felt horrible. I went back on the patch and everythings been fine since. The only problem is I get a square shaped rash wherever it has been.
After trying several from the Prozac family, with really bad results, I was given Wellbutrin - what a live saver! It completely smoothed out the rough edges so I could feel normal, not anxious and irritable all the time.
I started this about a year ago and have had 0 side effects, which I am so thankful for. Finding the right pill is just doing a trial and error for each one. I had severe heavy periods and major acne but everything went away within a couple months.
I have had vertigo for 4 years now and Bonine is the only thing that helps me, I have these on hand wherever I go and could not function right without them. The heaviness in head and the dizziness, I feel it coming on and take two and I 'm fine about 20 minutes later. I highly recommend Bonine for vertigo symptoms.
My ENT prescribed this for me and it is so totally amazing.  I have not had headaches, or drowsiness as mentioned by others.  I must be using it properly because I have never tasted it.  All I know is my nose is not running all the time, I don 't have to always have a tissue in my hand and I can go for walks without having to pay the consequences of being outside.  It is expensive, but I 'm worth it!  LOL
I started on July 13 2016 at 5 ' 5&quot; female and 275 pounds. I 'm now 174lb pounds with 20 more to go. Weight loss has definitely slowed down over the last few months with me only losing a few pounds over that time. I got down to 165 but then had a Mirena IUD inserted and went up to 174. I 'm back exercising though and hope to lose the extra 20 pounds I 'd like to reach a comfortable goal by Christmas. I went from a size 22 to and 8 to 10.  Very pleased.
All these negative posts about reglan sounds like it 's from the same person. I have seen reglan work wonders and help people get their life back. It 's a great drug if used properly.
I was having terrible issue with anxiety which was resulting in severe and unrelenting headaches. Added to the fact that I am pre-menopausal, I had not felt like myself in at least a year.  I went to the psychiatrist who continued my Celexa and started me on a very small dose of Neurontin at 100 mg 3 times daily.  I am only taking it twice daily to avoid the foggy feeling.  It has only been 3 days and I can honestly say, I feel like a new person... or should I say, the person I used to be.  I was skeptical that Neurontin could do so much to relieve my anxiety, but it works for me, and my headache and constant neck tension/pain is gone.  I am so glad my psychiatrist realizes the benefits of this medication and that she prescribed it for me.
I am a pharmacist so I did a lot of research on Saxenda before deciding to try it.  I have tried other weight loss medication before without any benefit, just side effects.  I have taken Saxenda for 2 and a half weeks, I have lost 6 lbs.  I&rsquo;m doing a slower titration on the dose 0.6 x 14 days then up to 1.2mg for the last few days.  The day I increased the dose to 1.2mg I felt bloated and burped all day long- I hardly ate a thing!  I felt much better the second day. My biggest concern is I can not afford it!  I got 1 sample pen from my doc, she has another waiting for me to pick up.  My insurance will not cover it.  The cost for a month supply is $1198!  That is $14,376/year!  Who can afford that? I guess the sample will be my last use.
Caused me to have serotonin syndrome.
My turn to share my experience of Plan B One Step because I know reading the reviews helped! So my boyfriend and I have been dating for 2 years, we have ALWAYS used protection....but hey you get caught up in a moment and stuff happens. Anyways, I took the pill about two hours after our oops and then we went out to eat. I was EXTREMELY worried that I was going to vomit the pills since I am VERY sensitive to hormonal changes....like I would ALWAYS vomit when taking birth control which is why we always use condoms. But surprisingly I had NO symptoms with this pill...which worried me that it wasn 't working since just about everyone else had symptoms. Despite my worrying I got my period 2 weeks later and 4 days late! It works don 't stress girl!
I was on methadone for 35 years 80 milligrams and 0.03 catapress got me thru.  My last drink of methadone was 9/17/14 and that was a year ago.  I thank God and catapress...it is a year later and I do still take them....I so recommend them 100 percent!!!!!!!!!
This medication makes me sick to my stomach. I have to take this pill at night or I 'll be nauseous the whole time I%u2019m at work. I went out of town one weekend and forgot my pills, so as soon as I got home I took two to catch up (in the morning) worse mistake of my life. I ended up throwing up at my desk. Besides the disgusting effect this medicine has on my stomach, it%u2019s ok. It%u2019s cheap, it definitely works, and if you can figure out the right time for you to take the medicine and always remember to take it, I don%u2019t think you 'd have any problem. The nausea is bad though (to me), I actually feel sick at this moment and I know it%u2019s from the pill I had to take this morning. I actually got on here to see if it just me. I don%u2019t see as many post about getting sick from this pill but it%u2019s my worst side effect.
I 've been diagnosed with pcos amd currently proud mamma of a 18 month old son but not because of BC. Before I had my son I used a few methods and the pill was the worse but only because I 'd forget to take it. Now after having him all BC has made me sick. Except nexplanon. It 's been 6 months now, and I 'm happy. Everything is the same. Sex drive and all. However, I 'm noticing mood swings. More frequent and a little more hostile but I snap out of it quick. Also, Im starting to mildly break out and my skin has been dryer but the drynrss could be weather change. No weight gain. Weight loss at first but 15 pounds was all but after beginning my new serious relationship we kinda junk (food) out and do the wine and dine. 2 thumbs way up.
I have had bad Cystic acne since middle school, When I was 15 in 2009 my Dermo put me on accutane, Loved! About 6 years later my acne has retuned with a vengance. I tried other medications these past two years and nothing worked. So i dicided to do another round of Accutane. I started March first 2017 and 30 days later my face is about half way clear already! I just a moisturized didnt wor so i use a combination of coconut oil before bed, and then cle patra oil in the morning. The flakeness of my face is ver minimal now. Super dry lips, using vasline every 2 hours helps! Other than that no cpmplaints. LOVE THIS DRUG!
I 've been using Duac for over 10 yrs and it 's a miracle med. I 'm now 50 and rarely have acne but what Duac does is to shirk my pores or at least it looks like it does. Don 't know what I would do without it!!
I had Implanon put in July 2009 because I have Ovarian Cysts and the pain was unbearable so we tried Implanon. It has worked great. I did have bleeding for almost three months straight after it went in, but I wasn 't having pain so it was a great trade off. After the first 12 weeks were done everything has been great since. I have been having some pain recently that I think is my cysts, so I have to get it checked. I am wondering if the Implanon is wearing off. Since I have to have it changed in July because it has been 3 years I wonder if it is  'fading ' and therefore I am starting to have pain.
I have tried everything from hypnosis to acupuncture, patches and gum unfortunately none of them worked.  I started on Chantix and followed the program and was free as of May 25, 2011 that is 16 months smoke free, wow what a record.
Update.Its been 1 year  6 months when I first tried the generic brand of Lamisil&quot; ( you can read my story in past comments) I  was on the medication for 3 months.I can say my 9 toes are clear , one big toe 98% clear .Just do it!!.Can wear sandals now, walk the beach barefoot with my girlfriend, no more embarrassment.
For months I had a pain on the top right side of my head, not a headache. No Doctor was able to find out what is causing the pain and dizziness when bending over to pick up anything at all but figured that maybe be some type of allergy to the nasal section. This medicine FEXOFENADINE-D 24 HOUR, after a few days of usage the pain has been released and was able to bend over to pick up anything without getting dizzy. I was thinking that I was better and stopped taking it for a few days and all systems came back. I 'm not really good in medication information but I know I have not gotten any side effects and am doing good when I take them as directed.
Day 9 of 10, feeling essentially normal. Bronchitis mostly cleared up by day 4, then lingered a couple more. Took it with full glass of water 1/2hr before breakfast. No side effects, except a blue tongue.
From my experience I found out that Leflunomide works  well. I can do a  lot of things. In the past years I was treated with MTX, Plaqueline, and etc, but no other drug had such an effect . In spite of these medicines my RA was in progress. After trying the Leflunomide my life changed for the better.
INSERTION DID not hurt at all!!! I had the best experience. Ladies, please ask your doctor about  Cytotec (misoprostol). My doctor prescribed it to me so I could take it (by mouth) the night before the procedure and it is supposed to help with opening up the uterus so that during the actual procedure the doctor won 't have to dilate your uterus as much. The only &quot;uncomfortable&quot; part about it was when she disinfected it. It was like a slight burning sensation that lasted 3 secs. Then when she actually inserted the IUD I felt a slight pressure. Felt like a bad cramp that lasted like 8 secs. I also took a 400 mg 30 minutes before. Afterwards I felt a little cramping but nothing terrible. I highly recommend this! Don 't psych yourself out. :-)!
I came back from Cuba with a sinus infection about two weeks ago.. my doctor prescribed an antibiotic that I normally used in the past, long story short I got a very nasty case of Diarrhea after the 4th day.  Started going to the bathroom over 7 times a day (i literally lost count).. Went to the walk-in clinic again and they said that it could be due to C.difficile and asked me to do a stool test..  said i should book an appointment in 10 days when the results got back..   I waited two days and broke.. went back to them and said there is no point in waiting as all i did all day was go to the bathroom. Needless to say after one metronidazole pill it did the trick. Hallelujah!  Best 15 dollars I ever spent!!  I am going to pass out candy boxes today.
Sharing my experience with clonidine for one reason, I had uncontrollable high blood pressure that no other blood pressure medicines could bring down. The Dr the tried me on Clonidine.. It took about 20-30 minutes to start working but it saved my life. The bad effects from clonidine that I 've found, it makes me sleepy often and sometimes gives me cotton mouth. Either way, I 'm still alive! Also clonidine is very affordable.
I have been on alot of pain medicines since I was twelve years old, due to endometriosis. After thirteen surgeries, and abundant doctor visits with their many accompanying prescriptions, my doctor finally tried Norco 10/325 two twice daily for the pain, and it worked. 
I took Chantix 5 years ago for 11 weeks. I have am still smoke free. I was fortunate in that I didn 't experience any of the possible side effects. I still don 't have any urges to smoke and am enjoying life as a non smoker.
On September 11 2015 I had my first colonoscopy/endoscopy (bad Omen right?) and the day before I began my Suprep bowel cleaner. WOW, this was is like nuclear powerful! First dose was at 9AM, and immediately 7 minutes later my colon began to &quot;purge&quot; itself. Liquid, projectile diarrhea: I 'm talking strap yourself to the toilet diarrhea. I thought I was being smart by eating only soups the day prior to pre, but I was completely shocked by this amount of liquid. It continued for about 3 hours before I was able to leave the restroom. 8 hours later I was still &quot;going&quot; and just in time for the second dose. At 5PM my second Hell began and lasted until 2AM. The taste is like  1970 's Dimetapp cough medicine. Grape. YUCK!! Everything came out OK...lol
I hurt my ankle/foot once a month playing tennis so the doctor gave me 500 mg. If I take it the night before a match I move better and am not in as much pain after I only take 500 mg 1 or 2 times a week. It has helped me and keeps me on the court and bike. No side effects at all.
Lexapro changed my life. I was a very moody person and never considered medication until my doctor did. I am so glad I am on it. The only side I have is that I get these little &quot;shocks&quot; that only last a short time but can be annoying. The strange thing is that they start about 22-24 hours after a dose. After I take it they are gone till the next day. Other than that I love it.
I started taking this for the irritability that arrived with perimenopausal symptoms. It has worked miracles!
I have been on Ritalin for 5 months now and it works great for my ADHD. I wish I would have been on it when I was in high school maybe I would have finished high school. I am 25 yrs old and I 'm going for my G.E.D so I can go to College. I am so happy now I can concentrate and do things that I was never able to do. The only con is that it is not lasting as long as it did when I first got on it. I really believe Ritalin saved my life.
The Redi Cloths worked on toe callouses that were resistant to other medications. I would have rated them a &quot;10&quot; except that twice they arrived at the pharmacy in bulging packets and the urea side was dry. The pharmacist accepted my return and replaced them. I suspect the problem is due to improper temperature control in transit - perhaps by the distributor.
Can be sedating, but gets the job done
I was OK with Prozac for years until I hit &quot;Prozac-poop-out&quot;.  I then took Wellbutrin for several years and it was great... Until my insurance switched to the generic in June 2009, and it suddenly quit working.  I had no idea of the switch until I started researching for something else that might actually work again and discovered the generic issue.  I asked to be put back on the real thing, but the most my insurance was willing to do was to switch to a different generic manufacturer = marginally better.  The insurance co. is throwing away money on generics that don 't work!  I am going to try again to get back on real Wellbutrin XL even though it will cost me quite a bit more -- it will be worth every penny!
4-17. I was so skeptical to take the medication Suprep (based on the possible side effects). I took my first bottle at 4:30 (did not drink the entire 16 oz at once) I drink big sips until I finished then waited 30 minutes then I drank another 16 oz of water and waited another 30 minutes then finished. Took effect within an hour and half I started. I just got a small bother some headache but is going away from now. My is very clear I haven 't really have gone to the bathroom that much, since I stop eating yesterday. If I managed to handle without food another day then I don 't need to drink the second bottle since I am clear now. So the bottom line works ok for me.
I went from 236 pounds to 206 pounds in 2 month. I went to the gym 4 times per week for 1.5 hours and I also change my diet.  I was never hungry. The pills work great with diet and exercise.
Before using Lithostat, my catheter would become clogged with stones that stuck to wall of catheter. I get chronic urinary tract infections and struvite stones. Even when it was irrigated daily with Acetic Acid and Normal Saline, we had to change the catheter every week or more often. Since I have been on Lithostat, I have no more problems with my catheter.
I was put on this medicine just 6 days ago and I feel great!  Slight headaches and had nausea last night, but my most persistent symptoms are GONE! My fasting blood sugar would always creep overnight to 110 to 120 range.  After my first meal blood sugar would come under control depending on what I ate.  Now on Victoza I have seen a fasting blood sugar in the 85 to 105 range this week.  As an added bonus I lost 6 pounds in six days.  Hopefully the long term prospects are as favorable as the short term ones have been.
Woke on a Sat. with a temp of 100.5. Popped two Advil and made it to 4 p.m. when I realized I was sick. Trip to doc in the box confirmed type A flu. Took first dose of Tamiflu Sunday night at 10 p.m., slept through the night, took second does at 10 a.m. the following morning. Feeling much better just tired. Eat something before you take the meds. My stomach was tore up because I did not eat a snack with the morning dose.
I was prescribed Spiriva Respimat just three weeks ago and the results have been amazingly effective. I was a smoker from the age of 12 until the age of 71, and was finally able to quit 11 years ago. I have been suffering the effects of COPD for at least the last 3 or 4 years (maybe longer) but the condition has gone undiagnosed until very recently. I was unable to walk to my mailbox or take a shower without becoming extremely exhausted. I was constantly coughing up large amounts of phlegm, both day and night, making getting a good night 's sleep difficult, if not impossible. I have not woken up once in the past two weeks to cough up phlegm, although I still cough up small amounts of phlegm during the day. I have not suffered any allergies.
trintellix is awesome. Prior to trintellix, I was feeling empty, disconneted from my body and not wanting to do things. With trintellix, I am more motivated, happy, and outgoing. It has also improved my cognition incredibly, like as if i am on a stimulant. AWESOME DRUG!!!!!
I have now been on Contrave for a little over three months and loving everything about it.  I have never ever had any side effects.  As of today I have loss 53 lbs.  I have so much more energy.  My goal is to loss 47 more lbs.  I hope this continues to work for me in a positive way.
I was constipated for 10 day 's - had tried everything - laxitive, enema, suppository  and colon cleanser but nothing worked. After using this in 4 hours I had some relief.
I have been taking Didrex off and on for over 20 years. It is the only pill that really works in helping me lose weight. I had to stop taking the medicines for a year and I gained 20 pounds.
I have been on Belviq since September 2014 and have lost about 50 lbs. Today 1/27/2015 I weigh 195 lbs. and back in September I was at 248lbs. I love Belviq so much it 's one of the best prescriptions I have ever gotten. Because Belviq helps me control my appetite I am able to eat less and I eat healthier food, also I have started working out for an hour a day, 6 days a week since I started Belviq. It 's the most amazing medication that exists it really has changed my life for the better.
For several years, my husband had problems achieving or maintaining an erection.  For a while, he took Viagra, which worked well, but there 's no spontaneity (e.g., I can 't just unzip and give him the come hither look).  Then, his M.D. suggested Cialis, and whoooeey!  Our sex life is incredible -- even better than it was in the beginning (given, ahem, more experience).  He can take it on Friday, and any time, any place that weekend we can have fabulous sex.  We 're also enjoying extended sex again. 
After being smoke free for almost 16 years, I started to smoke again. Six years went by and I was miserable most of the time being a smoker again. I have been using the patch for four days now, and it is working. I am really amazed, no cravings or major urges. If I get the urge it just lasts for a couple of minutes then I am good again. I smoked about 14 cigs a day and decided to start with Step 2. I will probably do Step 2 for about 4 weeks, then go to Step 3. I do not sleep with patch, but take it off right before I am ready to go to sleep, then just reapply in am. Takes about  10 minutes to start working. It feels a little funny at first, like burning or itching, then that goes away. Other than that I have had no other side affects.
Works like a miracle but have nausea.
I just recently found out i 'm pregnant ( 4 weeks ) and had to stop taking my stimulates  laxatives which i had taken daily for the past 3 years ! without them i couldn 't GO ! I 'ts been few days since i stopped taking them and of course no BM for me.. Called my doc and she recommended MOM. I took 2 tbs at 6:20 PM and nothing happened . The next morning at 07;30  i took 4 tbs of MOM and one hour later i finally had relief . Since then i went one more time. Pain Free ! No diarrhea.   I love it . Specially knowing its safe for my baby ! 
I have been on this for 4 months now and LOVE the results. I used to lay awake for hours worrying about everything and my negative thoughts made it impossible to sleep. Then there were the nightmares and panic attacks etc.There is only one real negative side effect and that is that I can no longer orgasm. My libido used to be through the roof! Now I am unable to get aroused...nothing works. It 's extremely frustrating. I have also gained weight. The good thing is, I am always in such a good mood that I fail to care.
I am 20 years old. About a year ago I started breaking out like crazy. Being that I had never experienced having acne before, I was EXTREMELY self conscious. I have tried everything to heal my acne. Monthly microdermabrasions, peels, IPL (intense pulsed light), skinceutical products, prescriptions( clindamycin wipes and Azelaic acid cream) but nothing could keep my acne away for more than a day or two. I tried Aczone. It has changed my life. In one week I had barely any acne left. My worst breakouts were always jawline cysts. They still try to pop up but the Aczone calms them down until they go away. Try it!
I had Mirena inserted in April 2011 as a treatment for endometrial hyperplasia with atypia and uterine polyps.  The hyperplasia was gone at my 3 month biopsy and the polyps cleared by my 6 month biopsy.  I am 41 years old and never had a child.  My periods used to be heavy and now are very light for one to four days, only needing a liner. The main adverse side effects that I have experienced are breast tenderness a couple of days a month, more clear discharge throughout the month, and a little more acne.  I can live with them knowing that the hyperplasia has been treated. I have even been able to continue losing weight.  I would definitely recommend Mirena as an alternative to using Megace, which is the normal course of treatment.
After being on adderall 40mg a day, doc switched me to vyvanse 50mg and although adderall worked great I found it only working 4-5 hours for the IR and I was feeling nothing from taking the XR. I take vyvanse for adhd, depression, and chronic fatigue from RA and EBV, vyvanse is amazing, no crash, no high and low just an even fluctuation through an entire 12-14 hour day! I feel motivated enough to concur my day but I 'm not crawling out of my skin ! Love it !
I could barely function after 2pm until I went on this medicine.  I was diagnosed with Interstitial Cystitis in August-it was devastating.  My quality of life was horrible--pain through the roof and urgency.  I could barely get my kids to school every day.  After 1 day of 25 mg Amytriptiline at bedtime, my pain virtually disappeared.  It saved my life.
Just finished my first week lost 7 pounds no side efffects so far should I go to the higher dosage? Need to loss another 20 or so
The first couple of months were a bit odd: I experienced an increase of appetite, a short-lived acne attack, then sore breasts 1 - 2 weeks before the withdrawal period. After the initial 2 months getting acquainted, Sprintec and I became good friends. It does it 's job without further noticable side effects for me. My period is lighter, but on and off: 3 days period, 1-2 days break, then another 2-3 days and no need for overnight pads.
It helps keep things peaceful.
This drug has been far better at treating my ADD than any other drug. I have tried phentermine, aderall, ritalin, and straterra for my inability to focus. All other drug under the amphetamine category have caused extreme anxiety and ,when they wear off, horrible depression and negative thoughts. Evekeo has caused a minimum of these side effects and has increased my ability to focus. When the drug wears off, I feel like I go back to my normal state without all of the depression and negative thoughts. I don 't want to describe it like this, but when it wears off it is a very &quot;smooth&quot; come down. I also like that it isn 't extended release because other medications would last up to 16 hours, disrupting my sleep.
I was afraid to take the medication. I read so much about side effects, when one is older (76) but after a blood test my Doctor told me this was the only one that would work. so I took it, and I am glad I did. It worked wonders and no side effects. If you have to take it I would say don 't worry.
I take abilify 15mg for voices and a mood stabilizer. I take it in the form of an injection and I 've been on it for 7 months. It has dulled the voices drastically and stopped my severe mania. I am now able to think logically and the constant brain fog that I was suffering from has been lifted.I gave it 9 out of 10 because I still suffer from depression related to my ptsd. I currently am taking 20mg of Fluoxetine for my severe anxiety and depression.The only side effects I had from abilify was seeing faint flashes in the dark and slight tongue tremors. Other than that ablilify has worked wonders for me . I no longer experience mania and I am so grateful because I was extremely wild when I was manic.
100 % effective for my High Blood Pressure.
Well, to tell you the truth it works, great.  I took it for several years until one day I went to have it filled and the pharmacist told me it had been removed from sales.  Why, you ask?  They said that it was found to make you more susceptible to some cancers.  Imagine my surprise;  I had just survived a cancer while taking this medication.  Not sure if it is back on the market, but please do the homework.
Had a miserable life for 15 yrs of waiting for my heart to go out of rhythm and in to the emergency room. Rythmal has changed my life, I experience a flutter here and there but no total outs, my anxiety has decreased as well.
High Cholesterol (425 total) for all adult life-diagnosed at 35, went thru every LDLlowering drug as they were new to market. Some lowered as much as 100 points,numbers still very high. Triple Bypass surgery exactly 2 years ago, cardiologiststarted me on Repatha when it was released 1 year ago. The first 3 months Iwas battled flu and colds. It seemed my immunity was lowered. I was veryrun down and started on B12 and Vitamin C. I tried to resume a somewhatactive life this past summer and became exhausted very quickly. Still working on building strength and staying healthy!Tests show Total Cholesterol at 165 (!) Wow.  Thankful for Repatha , my supportive family &amp; amazing results!
I 've had RA for 8 years.  I still had much difficulty doing daily activities while on Methotrexate only. I 've been on Enbrel for 15 months and now wouldn 't be able to function without it. The Sureclick Autoinjector  is a convenient method of administration, but is always quite painful and but fortunately over quickly. I 'm so thankful to be on Enbrel.
Update: Started Qsymia on 3/23/17 and today is 10/27/17. Little over 7 months. I&rsquo;m on the 7.5/46mg dosage. I&rsquo;m a 29 yo female 5&rsquo;8&rdquo;. Starting weight was 353.0lbs. Today my scale said 304.9lbs. 48.1lbs down. The lowest I&rsquo;ve seen is 302. I&rsquo;m at a period where my weight is stalling a little. I don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;s because the dosage isn&rsquo;t working but because this happens ever so often. I&rsquo;ll lose pretty consistently then get to a bit of a plateau and then lose again. It&rsquo;s frustrating but I just keep doing what I&rsquo;m doing and don&rsquo;t give up and the weight continues to come off again. Again, my diet has only changed in that I eat a lot less food and drink way more water. I&rsquo;m about to start exercise on a more consistent basis. Till next time!
After 10 years of struggling with heightening anxiety, I came very close to breaking point, and checked myself into a wonderful private psych hospital - which at the time, I found absolutely terrifying. Little did I know, my timing was perfect, as I met my new doctor (an angel/psychiatrist) who made an OCD diagnosis straight away. With him, I started on 100mg of Luvox, which had a positive effect within 2 days. We increased my dose to 200mg per night, which has continued to work superbly ever since (and it 's been 1.5 years). I can 't speak highly enough of Luvox, which is the one and only medication I 've tried. The biggest thing I 've learnt about OCD, is that the  'cure ' (aka, return to the healthy pool) = medication + psychology + lifestyle!
I want to make women over the supposed weight limit feel better... I 'm 220 5 '8. I had unprotected sex on day 14 of my cycle, so most likely I was very fertile and took plan b about ten min after. I had cramps that I normally get when I ovulate (which freaked me out!) about 24 hours after taking the pill. I had a thick white discharge for several days. The pill worked tho I 'm not pregnant. My period came about 3 days earlier then I planned. It 's been an insane week in an half. Enough to make me consider celibacy! Also I called my doctor about the weight limit and they said it 's fine to take it. So relax, lay off the internet searching and let the pill do its thing
I was always kind of a nervous person but was able to deal with it. But as I got older (40 's) it began to impact me more and more. Soon I found myself avoiding most human interactions. Couldn 't stand in line, get on the bus, get my hair cut, meet people. While attempting to do these things I would sweat, my brain would lock up, I would turn red, my breathing became rapid, I just needed to escape immediately. Just a complete mess. If any interaction could not be completed in five seconds I would not do it. Couldn 't even visit my Doctor because of the waiting room. But now on Effexor I feel SO much better. Been about a year, but the results came after about a month. Feel what I imagine normal is. Changed my life.
Started Otezla aftertaste years of psoriasis and the onset of psoriatic arthritis. I saw results within two weeks and was completely clear after second week. I did not have any side of effects except a slight headache, I did nothing different drank beer while on it no side effects.
I was addicted to heroin and doctor-shopped for prescription opioids. Been in a clinic for over a year and haven 't used a thing. It saved my life.
I am 5 '8 and was weighing in at 198. I asked my doctor for help and he prescriped Adipex and I can say it is the most amazing weight loss pill/tool available. I was ordered to take one pill a day but I started with (and still take) half a pill and for 3 days I didn 't stop moving. The energy was amazing, I have absolutely no appetite, I only ate because I knew I had to. I only slept for about 2 hours at night during those first 3 days but after about a week of taking the pill, my sleeping became regular again. I have been on Adipex for a little over a month and have lost 18 lbs. I am still only taking half a pill and only taking it 3 days a week and my appetite has come back slowly but nothing like it was before. And no side effects!
I 've been using tretinoin on and off for about 7 months. I would definetely recommend it. For me, my acne was really bad and bumpy and now all I have are acne scars and a few occasional pimples when I 'm on my period. This has helped me so much and helped my self confidence because if anyone has acne, they understand what it 's like to not want to show your face anywhere. the other thing about this product though, is that it did make my skin dry and oily. So if you 're willing to have that skin type then you should try it out and stick with it!! You have to use this consistently or else it won 't work!!!!
I have used this after my surgery and I give it a 10/10 even though I was only about 14^ this worked very well. My mom would give me the medicine whenever the time it was needed to be given (scheduled). I am currently 16 and The surgery I have received was replacing dieing bone cartilage with live ones from another part of the bone. It was painful/especially during the recovery.
Ok I 'm here to ease all of your minds! I had stupid drunk sex at 2 am the day of my ovulation, and took plan b 10 hours after. The condom may have broke, so I wanted to be careful (I am not on birth control) I freaked out for the first week because I had read all these reviews where plan b isn 't useful if you take it on the day of your ovulation and was so afraid I 'd be pregnant...throughout the two weeks I experienced like NO symptoms. The first day of taking it I was barely bloated. About a week and a half after, my boobs started to hurt and this morning I had bad back cramps but Anyway I am NOT PREGNANT! just please breathe, this pill works!
Switched onto Cymbalta after many years on Lexapro (which became ineffective). Gradually increased to 60mg/ day, taken in the morning. Initial side effects were tolerable, (sleepy, spaced-out) but as a student I need to be awake and focused. My MD suggested taking the medicine prior to bedtime- it definitely helped! Now I am able to wake up and function properly everyday without the frustrating aspects of depression!
My boyfriend and I purchased Plan B in need of a emergency contraception. I had no side effects at all. Everything went smooth. I recommend this to anyone in an emergency fast need!
Hello my names Jacoby, I 'm 21 I 'm a heroin addict. I didn 't have anything else work for me. When the suboxone was out of my system I 'd relapse. Nothing ever worked for me. I had been putting off the shot as long as I could thinking &quot;well what if I get hurt or break something and need pain killers&quot; then I was fed up. I had lost everything and I was an inch away from losing the love of my life. I made the decision to get the shot I 've had it a month now and was clean 2 weeks prior to getting it.  Now I feel back to myself again. There 's no feeling like it. I can wake up in the morning and roll outta bed to go to work when before I couldn 't physically get outta bed without doing a half gram. I highly recommend to get this shot! You won 't regret it!
I suffered for many years with spasming gut: rolling waves of pain so severe I would be drenched in sweat, no control of explosive diarrhea.  I would be on the verge of passing out and have to lay on the bathroom stall floor in my own diarrhea.  Bentyl has saved me.  I was on a high dose at first, but slowly tapered off.  Now I take it as soon as I feel a bout coming on.  I carry it with me and it has saved me much public embarrassment.  It is a blessing.
There are 4 pills left in the pack and all I can say is I am happy I have finally found the pill that works for me. I 've tried a few different birth controls but they all made me bleed for months on end.  had the Depo shot in my teens, came off of it I had to go to the hospital. Tried it again at 25 years old: had 1 shot and bled for legit 5 months straight. I requested a low lose pill. Took lo loestrin fe for 1 month and that made me VERY on edge, angry, depressed (I 'm usually happy). Told my doctor I was &quot;done trying birth control!&quot;, but she persisted I try something else. She identified progesterone was too much for my system and thus came SAFYRAL. I legit have zero side effects. Best decision ever. Going to get my new pack tonite!
I took my first 2 tablets today and I feel about 90% better already. No side effects except dry mouth.
It has really helped my depression. I used to cry a lot, not want to do anything. I 'm much calmer about stressful things &amp; less irritable. I thank God for this medication &amp; the who started me on my meds!
I was on Soma for years and had no problem with it. My doctor took my off of it and no other medicine works as well. I am going to another doctor to try to get back on it.
42 year female; also being treated for MVP (Mitral Valve Prolapse)- ongoing &amp; increasing chest pains, tightening/anxiety feeling, heart palpitations, skipped beats, etc. Suggested an anti-depressant to my Cardiologist after a girlfriend shared her Cymbalta story (she is diagnosed SAD). WOW Prescribed 30mg- took 1 every 3 days to start. Side Effects were: dry mouth &amp; extreme stomach pains/nausea but with every dose every 3rd day- NOTICEABLY less...after 2 weeks a  'full ' feeling instead of the nausea, no more dry mouth &amp; little/no appetite. Yawning a lot on days I 'm not taking it. All the side effects I 'm having that others have mentioned and stuck it out AND rated it very high...my ENTIRE mood has been altered. 
I 've used the NuvaRing for 2 years before my husband &amp; I decided to have a child. I have been on it now for a month. I absolutely love this form of birth control! Pros: no need to remember to take it everyday. Easy to use. Just insert it &amp; go. Have never gotten pregnant on it. I haven 't had any issues with it coming out at all. Periods are less painful.  Cons: low...very low sex drive, which is starting to become a slight issue. Headaches. I 've been more tired lately than usual. There are more pros than cons, so I 'm planning on sticking with it. So far this is my favorite method &amp; I will not use any other kind!!! (Besides condoms)
I 've been taking Meloxicam on and off for about five years since I began having back problems (pain), which have not been diagnosed.  I 'm a 55 yr old overweight woman.  I take two 7.5 mg tablets a few hours before I know I 'll be active and it really dulls the pain of walking, bending, etc.  I do try not to take it very often, just when I need it, but it helps me a lot.  No side effects that I have noticed.
I have suffered from migraines for almost 40 years and ocular migraines for the past 21 years. I have been taking Fiorinol with codeine for the past 20 years and it is the only medication that helps. It has allowed me to live a very productive life.
I read a whole ton of bad reviews on this, specifically the side effects, but so far I have had no side effects. My friend stopped taking BC because the nausea (I have no idea which brand/type) so I was iffy but so far I love it! It 's cleared my terrible ance problem almost fully. My periods are like they always have been, a day or two longer, but I think thats because I stopped working out as much. I would give it a 10 but I 've not taken the drug that long to truly know.
I got Skyla inserted yesterday on the first day of my period and I had a good experience! The insertion process is so quick and simple. Don 't scare yourself like I did reading these reviews! There were two times where it was uncomfortable (felt like two quick cramps for 3-5 seconds each) and then it was over! Only a little more discomfort than a Pap Smear! I can 't feel the Skyla inside of me at all. Today is day 1 with Skyla and my period is very light, but I 've been cramping periodically throughout the day. The cramping can go on for as long as 6 months. They aren 't too severe and I 've been taking advil every few hours, but I 'm not sure I can last for 6 months. I can barely handle once a month cramps. We 'll see how it goes!
I first got IBS-D when I was a freshman in high school. Now, eight years later, I found Viberzi. I 'm on my third month with it and it has worked wonders! I experienced abdominal pain when I first started, but I read the instructions and realized I needed to take it with food. It 's important to take it with a meal, rather than a snack, since that works better for me. I take the 100 MG tablets twice a day. I still get anxious about going out, but after living with this for eight years, living a more normal life takes getting used to. I 've only gotten diarrhea when I had a virus or that time of the month hit, but otherwise I haven 't had any more incidents. I can even eat chili without getting sick!
I take this for my bipolar 1 and anxiety disorder. It feels great to finally have my life back again. Zero side effects too. So happy. 200mg a day
I took 40 mgs. of Cialis. I am waiting for her to get home from her hair appointment. Love the stuff it has added spice to our life. Did wake up with hamstring that hurt this morning Ibuprofen took care of that. I guess I am going to leave the light on!
I posted my initial experience with Prozac a few months back and it still is working great! I have lost a few pounds, still eat much less than before and my anxiety is all but gone. I no longer need Klonopin-I was taking about 5 of those a week prior to Prozac. I am on a low dosage and have not needed to adjust up or down. Bottom line-my anxiety is under control and I feel great-without any side effects.
I 'm halfway through week nine on this medication and have no complaints at all. I 've had absolutely no spotting or cramping. I had bad hormonal acne before starting this pill (I was not on any birth control prior to taking Amethia) but now I rarely break out except for a few stress related pimples in the past couple of weeks. I haven 't had a period on this yet, but so far my body has taken to this medication very well. No weight gain or mood changes either that I have noticed!
I have been taking Trinessa for one year and this pill is great. I have never had change of mood, heavy periods, breast tender, gain weight or lost weight. I have had more interest on sex than I was which is good. I love this pill what else can I say!
I 'm a 17 year old girl with Generalized Anxiety Disorder which I 've struggled/am struggling with all throughout high school. I 've been on Prozac for about 8 months now and it 's helped me get through a lot of very anxiety-inducing situations for me. Before taking this medication, it had become very difficult for me to even attend school, and often times I 'd have to be absent due to panic attacks and overwhelming anxiety. The Prozac has made everyday life so much more bearable for me. I no longer feel repressed by my anxiety. It 's not a &quot;cure&quot; but it has helped a ton for me, and I have much hope for the future now. In addition, it is also helpful with my mood.
I was prescribed Microbid for a UTI that I had for about 2 weeks. I took 2 pills so far 100mg each. I have stomach issues so I took mine with vanilla yogurt and had no nausea or vomiting. I highly suggest yogurt when taking antibiotics. It works like a charm. I have had no bad issues or side effects. I already feel better after 2 pills. Give the medication a chance it 's working to kill bad bacteria which can make anyone feel yucky. Good luck!!!
I 'm about 2.5 years into my 3 years.  I personally think it 's some type of government tracking device but that 's another story ;D  Overall it has done its job! No scares, no babies.  The first maybe 6 months were all over the place period wise but eventually things mellowed out.  Now I 'm on a regular cycle every 5 weeks or so.  You hardly feel it in your arm and it really is wonderful not to worry about taking a pill everyday at the same time, all those woes, etc.After my 3 years is up I believe I will get the &quot;device&quot; (as I call it, HA!) again, unless another option comes along.  I heard there will be a scar upon removal?  My plan has always been to get a little arrow tattoo or something once I 'm all done.
Effexor is awesome for depression.
Several years ago my life long difficulties with startles escalated to classic hyperekplexia.  After some research, my suggestions to both a geriatric psychiatrist and movement disorder specialist agreed to try Klonopin ... .5 mg twice/day.  Worked fine to decrease intensity and frequency of &quot;attacks.&quot;  I also have dystonia and as the cervical &quot;storms&quot; increased, they increased Klonopin to .5 three times a day.  Helped some but does not extinguish the disorders ... nothing will.  One just has to avoid the &quot;triggers,&quot; if possible.
I 'm currently 18 years old, 8 months ago I had to leave my college due to alcoholism. I started drinking around a year ago because I found out my grandfather had a 30 year affair with a different woman whilst he was working away. He had kids with her and it devastated me as I never knew my father and always looked up to him because he was the only male role model I had. I 've been on numerous anti-depressants since that time and this is the only one that allows me to leave the house and experience the beauty of life. I 'm moving away from my hometown next month with my mother to a bigger place with lots of supportive relatives. I 'm looking forward to a new environment and returning to college to resume studies. I 'm now off alcohol.
The best migraine medicine I 've ever used. I 've less bounceback headaches. A warning though. When they say be careful and not to mix with SSRI 's, antidepressents, listen. Or another type of migraine medicine like Frova. My doctor tried me on Frova and I also had this. This worked better and I took one within 12 hours of taking Frova because I had a bounceback headache and ended up in ER with serotonin syndrome. Couldn 't talk, walk, could think what I wanted to do but it was like my brain was disconected. And the doctor didn 't know anything and thought it was stress and gave me an SSRI to &quot;calm me&quot; and within 12hrs, I had another attack and got worse. Took a week to get over, not medicines fault, just do not need to mix with SSRI 's. And it tells you so.
This medication is amazing, mostly because it starts working immediately and you don 't have to wait a few weeks like with other medicines.  My doctor had me taking it regularly for two months until my lexapro and seroquel kicked in, and then weaned me off of it.  I now take it only every once in a while.  
It took me 3 weeks on Chantix before I quit. I was worried thinking it wasn 't going to work but I wasn 't going to give up. I took it with food and never had any problems. I did feel some strong anxiety for a few days but I didn 't blame the chantix for that; I feel it was just part of withdrawl. Within the first 3 weeks I was able to cut down from a pack a day to 2-3 cigarettes a day. After the third week I smoked the last cigarette I had and told myself I was not going to spend money on them anymore. And I haven 't had any since. It was hard; I honestly enjoyed smoking; but as each day went by as a non smoker I was more fearful that if I had even a puff I would go back to smoking and all this fight to quit would be wasted.
The first time I was aware of the existence of this drug, a gastroenterologist gave it to me for sharp stomach pain. The cause was idiopathic and/or overdetermined by a variety of problems, especially some damage to the hypothalamus. That was in 2001, and worked IMMEDIATELY. Stomach pain? Gone. Only had about a 2-week supply and stopped with no ill effects. In fact, it perked up my mood! I always remembered that this was the drug that solved a serious pain problem. In 2015, I had severe anxiety &amp; my appetite was completely gone. I knew what I needed. The psych. gave me Elavil, even though he was inclined toward Effexor. I ate! I felt good again. I am still on it. I am concerned re: withdrawal. Short-term use recommended if possible.
I haven 't found anything that works on my migraine as well as Fiorinal with Codeine but constipation is a problem with too many doses, but still doesn 't compare to migraine pain just take sparingly.
58 year old with mild high blood pressure. I 'm in very good condition but was experiencing less than perfect erections. Viagra works very well for me. I typically cut a 100mg pill into 4 pieces and take a 25mg piece. It does work best on an empty stomach. For example, eat a normal lunch, come home from work at 5pm, take Viagra just before eating dinner - works for the rest of the evening. Seems to last longer than the stated 4 hours. For the absolute fastest results, for a little Saturday morning fun, take it right after waking up, wait 15 minutes (time to drink some coffee), and have at it.
This is my 6th month on Tri Sprintec. Overall it 's been a positive experience. The first 2 months my breasts hurt - they grew another cup size - but after that there 's been no extra tenderness at all. I didn 't gain any weight, didn 't have any abnormal cravings. Didn 't go crazy, no change in libido (still high). My periods were heavier the first 2 months but then evened out; now they 're light and only last 3 to 4 days. I had moderately bad acne around my jaw line and cheeks and it disappeared completely in about a month and a half. It 's been effective against pregnancy. Not sure if my regime made a difference: I started taking the pills the 2nd day of my cycle and I take the pill at noon. Downsides: stiffness in limbs.
I had unprotected sex on May 28th. He ejaculated outside, but because we did it a couple of times, I freaked out. I took Opcicon One Step 4-6 hours later and felt the side effects immediately. I was slightly nauseous, fatigue, had lower abdomen cramps and bloated the first week. One week later (June 4th) I bled for 4 days, spotty with dark blood. I continued feeling bloated, indigestion, stomach cramps, sharp/dull pain in nipples, and extreme mood swings from stress and hormones the entire month of June and the first week of July. My period for July was late so I took over 10 pregnancy tests (all negative) over the course of 1 month but I finally got it today! It 's heavier than usual and I didn 't even feel it coming but I 'm not complaining!
Works great for me.  After two children I use Zarah as birth control and after endometriosis and multiple ovarian cysts I appreciate the positive effects of this medicine.  Decreases my horrid mood swings, decreases my cramps and decreases noticeable ovarian cysts.  Give it at least 1 month, you may like it.  I do have a bit more weight gain with this.
I just started taking this medicine, after being on zoloft for years.  Within days, I have noticed an extreme change for the better.  I am actually starting to feel normal again.
First week 7lbs, a lot of energy and fall right to sleep at night and stay asleep. Only negative is I can only take one or I experience urinary tract infection like symptoms. I 'm excited to weigh in the morning, it will have been 14 days. I LOVE Belviq!
Ativan 0.5 mg as needed for panic attacks.  Not good for longterm use in my opinion because you will always need more, body will tolerate the dose and need more for same calming effect but its a short-acting med for anxiety and panic attacks and working wonderfully for me for years.  I have bipolar 2 with rapid mood cycling and bad PMS symptoms and its a blessing when I do need it.  I never take more than 1 mg at one time though because it is a strong drug.  Peace.  This too shall pass.
I used to take this medication as Dimetapp but that was removed from the over the counter market. So I was prescribed this medication in the 12 mg chewable tablet as needed to relieve the itching in my ears, eyes and roof of my mouth. I 've used every medication out there and none relieves my symptoms. I have never had any side effects like other allergy medications. I don 't know what I will do if this medication is ever removed from the market. I take one tablet and within minutes the itching is gone.
I have come back to report - after giving this medicine a very negative rating.It is now a year down the road and the medicine no longer gives me negative side effects.In fact, it delivers a consistently superior blood pressure, much lower than the normal range.  I have gone from a blood pressure reading of 190/150 to 98/66.I continue to drink coffee freely and my blood pressure never rises above 115/70.I wish to take back all the negative things I said concerning doctors who prescribe this medicine.Lisinopril must receive a rating of &quot;10&quot; on the efficiency scale.However, one glaring side effect of this medicine is impotence and some aphrodisiac should always be prescribed to restore sexual function to the one who uses this medicine.
I have been on Loestrin 24 Fe for 2 months now and haven 't had a period yet! Not even any spotting or bleeding. A couple of days ago when I should have started, I was having very bad cramps but my period never came on. I have gained about 10lbs but other than that, I am happy with it. My tubes are tied and burnt so the only reason I 'm on this birth control is to regulate my period and stop the heavy flow and so far, it has done all of the above!
This is the ONLY thing that works on my migraines but is getting harder and harder to find a doctor who will prescribe and/or pharmacy to fill
I had unprotected sex a couple of days after my period ended. After I realized what I had done, I began panicking and purchased plan b about 22 hours after. I was so stressed and miserable for a month, and it just so happened that I didn 't get my period the week I was due. I had CRAZY symptoms, incredibly sore breasts, horrible cramps for a week. And then I randomly started spotting for about 4 days. I really was convinced I was pregnant. A week after my expected period, I FINALLY GOT IT! Ladies, I know it 's impossible not to stress. But I believe the amount of stress I put myself under caused my period to be even later than it should have been. But trust me, this pill works.
I have been on and off of Chloridiazepoxide for about 6-7 years.  It has been a life saver.  My new doctor was reluctant to put me back on it, but decided to give it a shot.  The only thing I don 't like is the cotton mouth, but hey, I need to drink more water anyways! It really helps with my spastic colon and my anxiety that caused my Irritable Bowel Syndrome episodes. I 'm always afraid to get dependent on it, so I stop taking it after awhile then begin again when it starts bothering me. My new doctor is monitoring me to make sure he knows every time I refill and contacts me if I keep requesting to make sure I 'm OK.
I have been on this birth control for 8 years!  I feel like the reviews are based on people that haven 't given their body time to adjust to it.  On this pill I had no acne problems, no weight gain no crampy periods.  Generally, my periods would be 3-4 days long without pain sometimes would forget it was that time of the month.  So while on it this pill was great.  I recently almost 4 months ago got off due to how long I 've been on it and hyper pigmentation on forehead and cheeks.  Now I feel my periods and gained 9 lbs.  Considering getting back on again.....especially since hyper pigmentation is pretty much gone.
I just got a 5 month script after finally trying the 2 week trial. I have fibromyalgia and wanted to make sure I waited an appropriate amount of time between taking this and any other meds I had been. In 14 days I went from 195 to 182lbs.  The only side effect I experienced was minor headache and sleepiness which has now subsided. I feel amazing. Insurance won 't cover but I did receive help from Belviq with cost. I will pay for my future health!
It 's so nice to be sane without side effects.
Like another user below, I was also on Lo-Ogestral since I was 17 for cramps and to regulate my period. I was getting it twice a month and it was so painful. About 3 years ago my local CVS started carrying only the generic version of it which is Cryselle. I 'm now 24 and have had great experiences with both. My period is 3-4 days long with no cramps...if it didn 't come the same day every month I couldn 't even tell when its coming. My skin has never been better. I honestly had no idea people has such depression and mood swings from this pill. I 've never felt any of that. I also lost about 20 pounds while taking cryselle, not from the pill itself but I worked out and ate healthy. So no weight gain.
Originally diagnosed with Glaucoma, had laser eye surgery but over the years eye pressures increased and prescribed Xalatan Latanoprost no significant problems. But when chemist swapped for a generic make 2 years ago I had problems feeling queasy, palpitations, waterworks weakness, generally not feeling well. Changed prescription immediately, back to Xalatan, no problem. This happened again yesterday, given generic Latanoprost and thought I would give it a further try, big mistake, terrible nights sleep and will be going back to pharmacist immediately for change back to Xalatan! But if I had a choice I would not take any of these drugs, all very powerful.
My BMI is 33. Bottom line, this works, no or minimal side effects. I keep losing, not hungry anymore, and fill after a few bites at a meal. I need a new belt already. 4 loops in 2 weeks. Stomach keeps shrinking. Before I would go to the fridge all day and snack, and never feel full at meals, it is incredible. I feel 20 years younger and a lot more active. All within 2 weeks.
It works perfect for me to go to sleep. I only took half of the the tab. I  sleept the whole night, for 10 hours, but I had a hard time trying to wake up!! I felt dizzy and with Migraine. I read everything about side effects, so I realized that I can 't take this substance because I 'm taking Eutirox because I have been diagnosed with HipoTyroidism. It works but its not good for me.
I started this medication on 2/18/2017 at a starting weight of 323 lbs (I 'm 5 '11&quot;). I 've tried and tried to lose weight and it just was not happening. My doctor prescribed me this medication and put me on a strict 1600 calorie diet. So far I have lost 12 lbs in my 14 days on this medication. I do work out everyday and lift weights as well. If you combine a good diet and exercise with this medication I believe it most definitely will pay off.
Treated
44 year old male - blood pressure at doctor 's office 167 over 110. Started taking 5mg bystolic every morning for about 1 week so far. First morning chest did not feel tight, by second day had a lot more energy. Now blood pressure is steady at 128 over 85. Feel a lot better.
I had an issue with ED and my doc gave me a sample of Cialis 5 mg.  I took one tablet, not thinking anything would happen for 3-4 days.  Wow!  Was I wrong!   I had the hardest erection for (I swear) one hour!  I could have lasted longer.  My wife couldn 't keep her hands off it!  I will be doing a once-daily dose.  Looking forward to greater things to come!
I am 29 and I have never been in birth control before. I was recommended to this pill and it has been a wonderful experience. At first, I was scared because of all the stories you hear about mood swings and weight gain, but I have not experienced either. My weight is the same, my mood hasn 't change. I barely get my period, if any. No ACNE! My sexual drive is very high, and I haven 't felt any side effects. I am happy with this pill. Even if my insurance doesn 't cover, it 's worth it!
Xanax has been a life saver for me. I have been diagnosed with panic disorder and depression since I was a teenager. I learned through lots of therapy that my issues are environmental and chemical. There are times when meditating and positive affirmations do not work during my attacks. This is when I take my Xanax so I can function like a normal human being. I do not abuse my Xanax and have been on the same dose (0.5mg) for the last 10 years. There was a time that I was having multiple panic attacks daily for months. Xanax helped me stay sane until my psychiatric found the right SSRI for me. I think that this drug is great as long as you have a good doctor and use the appropriate amount.
I was recently having issues with cystic acne after switching birth control pills and got to the point where it was so bad/painful I couldn 't lay my head down on a pillow to rest. I called my doctor and she said this could be the answer, this pill being a &quot;hidden gem&quot; as she described it. After taking it for 3 days I noticed a HUGE difference in my skin. Everything started to calm down and dry up. I definitely recommend this to anyone who has tried anything and everything for their acne..
I am so thrilled with Contrave. I am 40, female, 5 '4&quot;, weighed 268 when I started the meds about 12 weeks ago. I am now 240! 28 lbs in 3 months! This is the easiest weight loss that I have ever had. Trust me, I have lost and gain probably 350 lbs over the last 20 years. And I always suffered. This Rx has changed everything. I don 't obsess over food anymore. I don 't binge. I know when to say when. It 's like the switch got turned back on between my brain and my stomach. I have very few or lasting side effects. I have had some slight nausea and tummy discomfort but I always have had that so not a big deal. The only lasting effect that I have noticed is hand trembling. It 's annoying but so worth it.
I always knew I was vulnerable to having the blues, but it wasn 't until I lost my motivation, could no longer enjoy the simple things in life (music, TV shows, vacation!)  and would randomly burst into tears, did I realize this was something more serious.  The first two weeks were brutal (1/2 tablet in morning, 1/2 tablet in evening). I was extremely anxious, had debilitating fatigue and zero appetite.  Third week the symptoms set aside and I was a bit better but still felt robotic.  Then the past 2-3 days, I noticed I was singing, joking around, MUCH less irritable and wasn 't haunted by negative thoughts of doom or self-loathing.  My memory is even better. Give it a fair chance, I promise you won 't regret it.
I 've been on Victoza for about 18 months.  My doctor suggested it initially to help me with weight loss while supporting my Type II Diabetes.  My glucose is now well within normal range.  In fact, my doctor suggested I might want to consider stopping the medicine for a few months, and then retest my A1C level.  However, as soon as I stopped, I started eating too much again.  As I 'm still trying to lose weight, I immediately went back on the Victoza and will try again in January when, hopefully, I will have lost a few more pounds.  No regrets on this medicine (except the high price). 
ONLY migraine medicine that ever worked for me, and with no side effects at all.  It would stop a developing migraine in its tracks!Unfortunately, my new job does not offer insurance, and a prescription of Axert without insurance is close to $400.  Very upsetting.  But when that day comes, I will fill that prescription and no longer have 3 day migraines.
I was put on Concerta when I was in grade 9 because I was struggling to pay attention in class and just didn 't have any desire to be in school.  After starting to take it my marks in school jumped way up because I was able to now focus in school and be able to pay attention.  The only thing I find I don 't like about it would be the side effects like the hot flashes, mood swings, and whenever I miss it I just feel weird and have hot flashes and headaches is another big thing I get really bad with this medicine.  But it has certainly helped me with schooling and just things in general. But it has certainly changed the ways of my everyday life.
I was on accutane (isotretinoin) from December 2015 to July 2016. I had severe acne all over my face, chest, back, and shoulders. Post-accutane my skin was clear as water and I got so many compliments on my skin. My skin was clear and I never got one pimple until mid April 2017 I noticed pimples reappearing on my skin. I got in touch with my derm and she prescribed me tretinoin 0.025% and a face wash- sodium  sulfacetamide with salycic acid. I am now on 0.05% and I have been on the gel for a little over 8 weeks. I have seen significant improvement since I started and I did experience about a month and a half of initial breakout. I highly recommend this gel and don 't give up! It takes time and my skin is still clearing up. Patience!!!!!
Ever since I put on weight, I&rsquo;ve been experiencing occasional reflux (about once a week). I never knew how painful reflux could be. Another symptom I&rsquo;ve been having is regurgitation and belching. At times, I&rsquo;ll wake up coughing because I&rsquo;m choking on regurgitate. It&rsquo;s scary and leaves my esophagus and throat burning. ZANTAC is my go-to. It works every time. Tonight I had reflux and I felt it dissipate within 5 minutes of taking the Zantac tablet. The pain was completely gone in 10 minutes. I&rsquo;ve also started sleeping with my head up about 30 degrees and that helps too.
Works within minutes usually. Have not noted any side effects with it although I do not care for taste. After it melts and is gone, I drink water to get taste out of my mouth.
Really it 's night and day for me. I wish I could have been prescribed this when I was just a teenager. I am 45 now and finally feel somewhat human. I 've always felt embarrassed about everything and I mean every thing. Have tried Prozac, Wellbutrin, Natural remedies and more. I have been sober for 9 years now. Even when everything was going well at home, work and relationships I would still be suicidal. I also have had some major depression through life, but the last two years have been the worst. For the first time I feel NORMAL! I went from saying I 'm sorry 1,000,000 times a day to less then 10-20 times a day in one month. I don 't feel the need to over-eat like I have been and I 've already lost 11 lbs (I 'm twice what my weight should be). The best part is not feeling embarrassed.The side effects are mild compared to what I 've been through all these years. Yawning a lot the first month, which has gone away. Like someone else mentioned the sexual side effects (making it harder to orgasm). I also seem to have nervous energy like bouncing my legs up and down and rocking back and forth. I get a headache once and awhile. I also slept a lot the first 2 weeks. All in all nothing compared to the side effects from my anxiety and depression. I only hope it lasts.
Like most other women on here, I started out with Ortho Tri Cyclin Lo. Then my insurance wouldn 't cover it now I 'm taking Tri Lo Sprintec.I 've been on it for close to a year now and haven 't had many negative side effects. The first two or three months I had nausea but that went away after a while. I have hardly any PMS symptoms, my periods are regular and last 5 days Max. And not many breakouts. I 'm happy with this pill and would continue to take it. The one thing I noticed that 's different from the name brand is when I jump straight in to a new pack to skip my period, I have spotting for a week or two.
I have diagnose with Ulcerative Colitis (Proctitis) for last 4 years. Lialda has worked for me best with no side effect. I am taking 2 tab twice daily. For people with Ulcerative colitis in distal part of colon Lialda will work best. I had tried 2 years ago to switch to Apriso only because of the cost of Lialda and had a worst flare up and took 6 month to get normal with oral steroid and steroid enemas. I am using Lialda Pharmacy Saving card which reduce my copay to $10/month.
The medication took the pain away.
This is day 2 after my first Synvisc One shot. The shot wasnt bad, only uncomfortble during the last 3 seconds. I walked out and had a little tightness as the gel was settling in. Day 2 Im walking around with absolutely no issues and with a 90% reduction in pain.Day 2 far exceeded all my expectations. I completely am pleased and satisfied with Synvisc One. I hope it lasts more than 6 months.
This medicine cleared my sinuses very fast.
Jan 12th was my last bloodwork and I am cured!!!!!! Thank the Lord!!!! After having that virus 27 years..
This medicine helps me get my r.e.m. sleep, which fibromyalgia robs me up. Fibro and chronic fatigue syndrome often go hand in hand. It can be the direct result of lack of r.e.m. sleep.
I have been on Nexplanon for for about 2 years now. I was given the micro pill to try out before getting the Nexplanon rod put in which is the exact same thing as the rod, but in pill form just to see how I do with the side effects. Immediately 3 days on the pill I started bleeding non-stop until the day I got the rod put in. 1 week after having the rod put in I bled for 1 month straight non-stop. Extreme moodiness. I felt I was getting depressed and extreme cramps. After about 6 months the mood swings went away and I would still bleed a lot. I would have a period ever other week and sometimes I would skip 3 months. It all depends. Other than that I LOVE this birth control because of how less likely it is to get pregnant!
I have been on Nucynta and Nucynta ER for 1 year and finally after 30 years of chronic pain from 3 different chronic illnesses I have almost complete relief. I do not suffer any side effects that I am aware of. In the first couple of months I did have some fatigue but my body adjusted and I am able to use this medicine during the day without drowsiness.
I got this shot after my hands turned unrecognizable from pain and eczema.  I struggle with this all the time in every season.  I could not believe how much Kenalog helped me.  It erased all signs of eczema in a little over a week.  I went back to the doctor just to THANK her for this.  I would give it a 10 but its not perfect.  It began to come back (though not nearly as severe) about six weeks later.  It will definitely get you over the uncontrollable outbreaks.
I 've been on Ativan for 4 months now: 0.5mg once or twice a day to control my anxiety attacks. I only take if when I feel jittery, flushing in my face, a heavy headache akin to tension headache and dizziness. Usually these symptoms subside within 1 to 2 hours of dosing. Sometimes as quickly as half an hour and it is not often that I have to take 1mg in two divided (0.5mg) 6-hourly doses. Last month, I didn 't take Ativan for 5 straight days and I didn 't suffer any withdrawal symptoms or rebounds.
I got put on this bcp after I had surgery to remove ovarian cysts on both ovaries.  Bcp is supposed to stop cysts from coming back.  I didn 't notice any weight gain while I was on this pill, however I worked out 3-4 times a week to avoid possible weight gain.  I have back acne and occasional pimples on my face I didn 't notice it did anything to make it better or worsen it. I have some hair growth on my chin : '( which this didn 't do anything to help or worsen my condition.  Did not notice many side effects overall while on the pill.  Once I stopped taking it I noticed heavier periods, cramps (didn 't have them before bcp), pain on my ovaries and headaches. Wasn 't able to go back to see if it helped my cysts because I lost insurance coverage.
I love the ease. I love that the hormones last longer than the traditional 7-7-7 &quot;pill&quot; program.  I don 't like that is it far too expensive.  
I 've spent a lot of money on over the counter skin lightening creams to treat my moderate/severe melasma.  Only tri-luma has worked to improve the appearance of this unsightly skin condition.  My friends immediately noticed when I used it. Although it is expensive and requires a prescription, I can say it is an excellent product and will definitely improve the appearance of hyperpigmentation, sun spots, freckles or melasma.  I highly recommend this product and only caution that it is most potent the first several applications, so only use a thin layer and apply every other day at the beginning.
I initially suffered compression fractures of L1, L2, &amp; L3 with fractures of the vertebrae &amp; 20% disc space loss between L1 &amp; L2 &amp; L2 &amp; L3. Only 8 months later I had the unfortunate experience at a sporting goods store, a 240lb shelf fell directly on my head knocking me out cold for 30  seconds. That also led to a fractured C5, nerve damage, &amp; a Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI). I was lucky enough to get in to see 1 of the best pain management doctors, who was working out of a hospital in Denver at the time, and he put me on Roxicodone 30mg x 6/day and I 've never had a more effective medication! It truly made the pain vanish &amp; I could go about my day as normal. I moved to IL &amp; they drastically lowered my meds &amp; switched me to Dilaudid &amp; it isn 't nearly as effective!
I started taking Disclofenac today for severe back pain caused by shingles. Immediately I felt some relief and I 'm able to take a deep breathe without it hurting. This is the only pain med that really helped.
Greatly improved appetite, I had been on chemo and having severe appetite loss, excessive sleeping. It has possibly caused some mild irritablility, although my husband doesn 't think I am much different than normal.
Picked up Plan B at Planned Parenthood for $35. Took the first pill at noon the day after the &quot;mishap&quot;, the second one before bed, a little sooner than the recommended 12 hours had passed. Only side effect was fatigue the next day. Started my period a week early, but I guess that means it worked. Much better than getting pregnant!
I was on the Pegasys for 48 weeks. I used the autoinjector and it was easy and painless. In fact after each injection I would look to make sure there was a spot of blood just to make sure I got it because I never felt it. It seems to have worked. I still have to do my 6 month check, but so far so good. Only negative effect was a small open wound that had turned into a very large wound that would not heal. I didn 't know which of the 3 medicines from the therapy was to blame but the wound got larger almost overnight and would not heal. The wound care doctor seemed to think interferon was to blame and as soon as I was finished treatment he did a skin graft and got me on the way to healing that.
I was on heroin for 16 years and eventually got on the methadone program (after a 3 year wait). Best thing I 've ever done, 4 years later I 'm free from the gutter. Any opiate user will kick it no bother,if you keep to the rules, you will get on with the rest of your life, be human again. Be proud, be happy and be rich again. 
I got the Mirena inserted 7 weeks after giving birth back in 2011. The initial process was okay, there was a little bit of cramping, but nothing major I took two Advil and the pain was gone. The Mirena itself was great, I had no issues or side effects, after the first two months I no longer got a period, but I would still experience the cramps and breast soreness. I recently got my Mirena removed because we could not locate the strings, after having an ultrasound done, we saw that the Mirena was exactly where it was supposed to be, although that was good news I decided to have it taken out. I would suggest it, no period, no side effects and you don 't have to remember to take a pill daily. Its good for 5 years!
I 'm switching back to YAZ after trying another least expensive birth control. I would rather pay $60 a month for YAZ than to be on all the other pills that made me extremely moody, anxious and nauseous. With YAZ, I didn 't feel like I was on birth control. I felt like my normal self, with my normal sex drive, normal weight but without the monster cramps, severe acne and moodiness before my period, and the long 8 day cycle. I would recommend it to anyone who has tried a lot of different pills that had too many bad side effects.
I have taken both prescription and OTC Prilosec.  After losing my prescription coverage, I changed to OTC version and have had great results.  I try to take my pill at least 2 to 3 hours before lunch. It works very well for me.
I have been on Remeron for 3.5 years. I started out on 15 mg and now currently on 30mg. I have tried every sleep medication available. This is by far the best medication I have ever been on for sleep. Yes I get the ravenous hunger and it takes about 2 hours to make me sleepy. An hour after I take it is when the hunger kicks in and I eat for the entire day before bed. I have gained about 30 lbs over the time being on it, but it has now tapered off, I hope! However, for me, sleep is so important, so it 's a matter of what 's more important, the perfect body or being so tired and depressed due to lack of sleep. If you start watching what you eat prior to bed, which I do now and wish I knew or realized this early on, you can help keep the weight.
I have been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about five years. It 's been my one and only birth control, but can 't complain. Many of my friends have had to change birth control, and I always recommend mine. It doesn 't make you gain weight. Your period is very very mild. From having my period for a week with severe cramping and heavy periods, I went to three days with very little bleeding and not much cramping. I recommend it! You won 't regret it!
At 19 I have been on Buspar, Prozac and Ativan; none of which worked. I can honestly say Clonazepam is the only medication that has ever worked for my severe GAD, SAD and panic attacks. There is always a risk of addiction with benzodiazepines, but if thats the tradeoff to be a functional adult then so be it. I would recommend this only after less habit forming treatments have been ventured.
Been on this inhaler for a month and a half. I 'm on ventolin as well. I have experienced stabbing chest pains in my heart but at the moment I was also on Prednisone 20mg 3x a day, so I stopped the breo for a couple days and the chest pains stopped. It was too much steroids in my system. I had boils on my lips, acne on face, rash on legs, breast, sore tongue, muscle cramps and now worst of all neck pain so awefull it hurts while sleeping. The good news is that it did help with my asthma. With one dose my lungs immediately open up. I only needed it every two days. The pain in neck feels like whiplash, don 't think I 'm going to continue using it. The pain is too unbearable.
Let me start by saying I am 59 years old. Until now, I have not had a problem losing when I needed to.  I am not big on diet pills so I was a little hesitant at first.  The 2 week free trial helped me decide to give it a try. The first 2 weeks I lost 6 pounds.  I lost a total of 45 pounds on this medicine!! and kept it off for a year!!  I have recommended it and so far have had several friends go on it an loose weight with equal success.  You have to cut back on food intake and exercise.  I highly recommend it!!
This drug does work for me...I take it twice daily 2 pills morning and night..VERY EXPENSIVE is the downside
The past three years I used Implanon, the first version of Nexplanon, and it was rough. I had a heavy period for the entire time I was on it. It was so annoying. Once my time came up to switch, I had heard that the Nexplanon was a new and improved type of under the skin birth control. I decided that was the one I wanted, and I 've been on it for about two months. I haven 't had a single period! That 's right, no period. I 'm elated to say that. Everything has been lovely. I 've lost a little weight, I haven 't had any breakouts, any weird symptoms. I have been a little moody, but it 's probably because my body is used to PMS. I recommend it fully.
I 've been on Trinessa for a few months now. I 've had a positive experience, period is on time, acne is going away, no spotting, no weight gain. Slight nausea at the start of taking this pill but went away quickly. Also prevents pregnancy! I would recommend this for a no to little cost generic of Ortho Tri Cyclen.
I was diagnosed with stage 4 endometriosis and had a chocolate cyst which was removed 6 months ago. However excruciating pain and cramps persisted.I was so drained all the time and attributed it to my busy schedule.A month ago I went to the obgyn because my cramps became daily. They found a lemon size cyst on the right ovary and told me to go on Cryselle for 4 months to shrivel it. Before I could start taking it I had a horrible bout of pain, fever, nausea dizziness that felt like my endo symptoms I think my cyst burst because the persistent pain was gone. Doc said to to take Cryselle anyway.First week,  I got a few big pimples and expected to gain weight and be moody. It did the opposite felt like my old self energetic &amp; happy!!
Changed my life. Anxiety is gone, and because of that my depression. Loving life anxiety free is amazing. Can 't believe I waited this long is my only regret.
I took Antabuse for 4 months and it was wonderful. Since it does remove the option to drink, it was a huge help.  However, I did occasionally crave alcohol so what did I do?  I stopped taking it for 2 weeks so that I could drink.  It was a huge mistake and I urge anyone taking it to just, as my therapist says, &quot;get that pill in you everyday&quot;.  Relapsing in not fun and there is the double-whammy of having to stay sober for a while before one can take it again.  Anyone who struggles with alcoholism knows that is no easy task.
I rarely get sick but by the time I left work on Thursday I had the chills and a fever of 102. Went to Patient First Walk in clinic on Friday morning because I couldn 't get in to see my doctor. They confirmed I had the flu. Prescribed Tamiflu and after the 2nd dose my fever is gone and I feel close to normal. The key is catching it in the first 24-48 hours.
I 've tried this drug multiple times. DIfferent things going on at different times. it is a strange drug.
I 've been using 5/160 for 3 months and so far they 've worked for my high blood pressure with no side effects.
I was having a hard time having an appetite and getting full fast. It has helped me now eating better, I still have my IBS attacks with this pill or without it. Does help with acid reflux severe
Works fantastic for me. I feel like I 'm in my twenties again.
I was prescribed Celexa due to Anxiety, stress and depression. I initially went to the Doctor for insomnia. Went through that for 7-10 weeks. Because I was not sleeping, I started getting panic attacks at night. The Doctor prescribed Ativan for the anxiety and Ambien at night. The Ambien didn 't work. So I found myself taking the Ativan only at night which seemed to help a little bit. One night I experienced a horrific panic attack after taking the Ativan. I all of a sudden started crying and just started feeling miserable. I came to realize that I am deeply depressed and I need help. Long story short. Went to the Doctor and after 10 days of being on Celexa, I truly feel better and I am averaging 6-7 hours of sleep where as 11 days ago it was only 3-4 hours.
I took the pill at the beginning of December. My boyfriend and I had been using protection but we both felt like something was different one day so I went and got the pill. I got my period one day earlier than normal almost three weeks later. We were both happy and not worried until I was supposed to start my period in January. We were both very stressed because I had been cramping yet I was more than a week late.  One day we were going to go get a pregnancy test but I started my period at school. My period has become much heavier and I have worse cramps than before. Still I was very happy to get my period. So don 't worry if you are a couple days late.
Less panic attacks and helps keep you relaxed and open minded. Less stress keeps you panic free and it lowers the stress at least 75% while on the Xanax compared to Lexapro and many others I tried for anxiety and depression.
I can 't live without it. The best asthma medicine ever! I don 't use my rescue inhaler ever, and I can sleep all night without waking up gasping for air.
Love Nuvaring. At first I was a little nervous about using it. I thought my boyfriend would be weirded out, but that was not the case. He can 't even feel it during sex. Perfect to use. It helps me know exactly when I am going to get my period. My only suggestion would be not to forget to put it back in if you take it out during sex( because the guy may feel it) you will start your period early.
Been on this 15mg in the morning, once a day. It helps my knees from swelling, tried others NSAIDs, but came back to meloxicam 15mg. Some people can get twice a day at 7.5mg.
There are a few ways to get rid of one of the most annoying side effects, the tingling hands and feet. Potassium- I used to eat a banana or drink fruit juice high in potassium.All of my side effects went away after 2 yrs on Topamax. It is hard to ween off of. I have not taken a pill for 2 mths and have far less headaches than before Topamax!!Great drug! I lost almost 30lb but once we found the right dosage I leveled out and stayed that weight for a yr before weening off.
I started this medication for weight lose, bipolar, migraines. Seems like it may just be perfect...hopefully. I just finished my first week and lost 3 pounds! I workout 5-6 days a week but due to antidepressants making me gain so much weight, regardless of my diet and exercise I am fat. So today stepping on that scale and seeing 3 POUNDS LIGHGTER! I am a very moody person but the medicine seems to be making it right, moods seem to be very level. And haven 't had one migraine! No side effects other than weight loss and loss of appetite..can 't complain about that!
I 'm three weeks into taking 200mg of Seroquel along with my usual Effexor. I was prescribed it off label to help with the mood swings I get from being borderline. For the first time in years I am not full of anxiety. I sleep longer, am able to exercise in public without feeling self conscious, am eating more healthy foods, although still too much of them. The drowsiness was awful initially but has mostly disappeared now.
I was previously on Tri- Previfem, and had horrible acne, cramps, and mood swings on it. Switched to Orsythia and I am currently on the third week. My acne is totally gone, I 've gotten one pimple this month (I would get 7-10 while on Tri-Previfem. No more mood swings and I am totally satisfied with it.
I have had great success with the use of this medicine. One thing I would tell people is if you have problems sleeping on this medicine talk to your doctor first and foremost. I did talk with my doctor and I am also taking another medicine to help with that. I have Bi-polar disorder with manic tendencies. Depakote, Paxil CR, and Risperidone for me all together works. Anyone looking at this I hope it helps with your treatment process with the guidance of your doctor.  Good luck.
Took Yaz for 3  years and loved it.  Have been using Gianvi for 6  months and have not noticed any difference at all.  I skip all inert pills and start a new pack and did the same thing with Yaz.  Without doing so I get bad headaches.  No breakthrough bleeding.  No increased acne issues.
I know many people have trouble with the whole colonoscopy experience but I really don 't know why. To me it it 's a very comical experience. Drink a glass every 10 or so minutes and soon you 'll be timing for the bathroom about as frequently. I liked the added note on the GoLYTELY to jiggle your tummy to help remove extra poo. I have to admit after the whole GoLYTELY experience I wanted to watch what the whole fuss was about. Watching the scope do it 's thing was amazing. Now that I have to do it all again I will not drink quite as fast (I wasted some by projectile vomiting some of it back up ... also comical) but I will dance and jiggle my bowels about to get them as clean as I can.My biggest concern is what flavor to get. Pineapple? NOT
Hi,I was prescribed Pregabalin about 8 years ago and have been taking it ever since. I suffer quite badly from anxiety and agitation and I can 't tell you just how much this medication has helped. Even if I could just about get through the daytime without it, when I am asleep and my mind can follow any path it wishes to, it chooses to go down really bad avenues and I wake up feeling absolutely dreadful and this reached a terrible climax 8 years ago and resulted in me not eating at all and therefore losing a frightening amount of weight. However on my last pharmacy visit, I was a generic version of the drug which has not worked at all and so I am hoping my GP will put me back on Lyrica. If not, I am very fearful for the future.
DO NOT GET SCARED BY THE REVIEWS!!!! my best advice is EVERYBODY is different. I read the reviews on this medication and got so scared and called my doctor and begged to switch before starting it. She told me to start and if anything goes wrong we can just switch it. My experience: First pack: I did have some slight nausea within the first week, it wasn 't too bad J was still able to get through my days of going to school and work. Second week: light break through bleeding, nothing traumatic. Got my period during placebo week as planned no harsh symptoms, I am used to my period being very heavy lasting a whole week with terrible cramps and acne. I experienced none of that!!A plus, I had slight acne and this medicine cleared it right up.
I 've suffered from severe abdominal pain and constipation since I hit puberty. I was in such pain that I would pass out from it. After a week of taking Zelnorm I felt completely better and I didn 't pass out once from pain while I was on it. It was what got me through 2 years of high school, when before I was constantly hospitalized from it and couldn 't attend school. I was taken off of it because my doctor was worried about the side effects and the pain and other problems came back, just not as aggressively. I learned to deal with it, to ignore it and the pain slowly went away. I recently had an attack for the first time in 4 years, that was extremely severe and I passed out. I don 't want to spend another year in and out of the hospital...
I am a 73 year old male.  I have sufered from periodic leg movement most of my life.  Lately it has been getting worse to the point that it could take me hours to fall asleep.  In addition to that, I have been having nightmares in which I try to protect myself from some threat.  My defense was to punch my wife on the arm.  I have also experienced sleep walking.  I had been taking to sleeping in the spare bedroom so that my wife could get some sleep. This was not a solution that suited either one of us.  When I began taking Requip  I experienced relief from the very first night.  I now routinely sleep the whole night through without nightmares or restless legs/periodic limp movenent.
My results have been excellent.
Best decision of my life.No lasting side effects. Great product.
This medicine truly changed my life. I was afraid to go outside, FaceTime family, and even talk on the phone. A few weeks after starting this medication I began to feel like myself again and I didn 't even know I wasn 't myself until I was able to do things like a normal human being again. I had previously tried Propranolol to make it so my heart rate wouldn 't get super high but that wasn 't solving the root of the problem. I am very thankful for Lexapro and I highly recommend it if you are suffering from generalized anxiety disorder like I was. I haven 't had any side effects either :)
I 've used phetermine off and on ...dry mouth and sleeping a little less is the worst side effect I 've experienced. I also recommend taking this medication very early in the morning. To help reduce the dry mouth I would recommend changing all liquid intake to water. This always helps me. You will become tolerant the longer you 're on it, so establish weight loss goals early on. This is a very affordable pill and it helps motivate you to get started losing unwanted pounds. I take it five days a week and skip weekends. You need to find which is best for you. I 've always accomplished my weight loss goals using it as a weight loss booster.
Smoked for 21 years and tried several times to quit.  CHANTIX WORKS!
It works. I have panic attacks and then I have severe full blown three days without sleeping panic attacks. I only take 1mg when I am having the severe attacks and I make sure I only take that much. I would say I take maybe 2 mg a month. The reason why is because this really should be used for worst case scenarios and not for moderate anxiety and panic. The withdraws are unbelievably monstrous,  worse than anything else. Taking it everyday is a horrible idea because you will never get off unless you go to rehab. Klonopin needs to be used with extreme caution. Get cognitive behavioral therapy for you everyday moderate panic attacks and use klonopin for this emergency &quot;can 't get out if this&quot; episodes. It is a tool, not a crutch
I think Copaxone has been great for me, no serious relapses. I went to 40mg, because 3x a week sounded better than 7, right!? I wish I had just stayed with the 20mg, been doing it for years, never had any issues. Getting a lot more site reactions now with the 40mg, lumps, itching, painful, etc. Talked to my Doctor about going back to 20mg, he said there is a generic available and most insurance companies are gonna try to push people toward the generic now. I might be stuck with the 40mg. My advice would be, just stick with the daily shots.
Cymbalta is the best thing that I have ever tried and for more than just depression.  I also suffered from debilitating anxiety.  Both have all but disappeared.  Before I started taking it about 4 months ago I literally hoped I would just fade away. I wanted to die so badly it 's all I thought about.  I have lost 45 pounds along with my compulsive overeating disorder and have gained more peace and happiness than I ever knew could exist for me.  It saved my life (and helped me be a much better mother, wife, daughter-everything).  I will deal with the super sweatiness and a few extra yawns during my day in order to have a life.  Viva la Cymbalta!
Having high sugar levels, I tend to get urinary tract infections more than others.  Not having Health Insurance I found myself having to wait until payday to make it to a doctor. I have used uristat in the past and found it to work wonders so I used it again.  It is not a substitute for an antibiotic but it will help. Follow package directions to avoid upset stomach.
I take as needed .5mg, more if needed. Works great, no side effects. Just knowing I have this  'safety net ' gives me piece of mind.
I started on Victoza 9-2011. It curbed my eating, also did well for my blood sugar. I had no side effects from the medicines. In September 2011 my weight was 355 lbs. I am now at 265 lbs. I lost 91 lbs in a year. Feels great to be able to be active again.
Much needed co-analgesic prescription for chronic pain. Sedation not a problem when taken long term. Tried ALL OTHER muscle relaxants and NONE of them could put a &quot;DENT&quot; in my pain/spasms. My Doctor just cut me back saying he will eventually stop prescribing it due to others abusing it. I don 't get it! So his patients will end up having more pain (which means more money for him and hospitals, etc).
Getting Shingles at 54 was not something I expected!Went to the Dr. within 48 hrs. of the appearance of therash. No one was more shocked than I was when after48 hrs. on this medication my rash began to dry up andfade away! Now its been 5 days on this medication (1 gram3x day) and I can honestly say I am 90% back to myself.Shingles truly is a terrible illness but this is an awesome medicine. Side effects have been minimal.
So I was prescribed this medication a while ago, but I basically gave up every time things got painful. That for me, was about 5th day in. I 'd been told to persevere and that the pain and dryness would stop after the first 2 weeks. But I decided to only use it when I had breakouts. However, this medication brings out the acne before clearing it, so of course your acne is going to get worse before it gets better. HOWEVER, I now use it everyday. I have very sensitive skin so I can 't use a lot of moisturisers because they burn. But I 'm using some Garnier moisturiser and an oil based one from lush whenever my skin feels a little dry, and I have not had a painful night since. And no extreme dryness or flaking either. Brilliant!
I have multiple rheumatic conditions, fibromyalgia, etc. Because of sleepiness being one of the common side effects of many of my medications and the fact that with fibro sleep is messed up, I first took it in 2006 and the only time I 've been off of it in that time was the 11 months in 2009 while I was hospitalized. It would have been pointless to take at that time due to what was going on. But, since restarting it, my alertness has been much better. I have no side effects that I notice. When I first took it, I did not think of the warning given by the NP at my pain doctor 's office. She said take a quarter or half of the dose. That 's the only time I 've had bad side effects. Now I have none. I 've been at 100mg/day for a year or so.
I have taken this medicine on and off for the past few years and it has done wonders!  My doctor tried a number of medications for years of back pain and nothing worked. Diclofenac worked immediately.  At times I go off of it for a few months, but when pain comes back, it works immediately.  Fortunately no side effects.
Effexor has been absolutely brilliant for me. I was on and off Lexapro for years, it made the anxiety less but I felt blunted and almost more depressed as there was no meaning in my life.  I have hardly any side effects with Effexor (75mg). nausea the first couple weeks. Excess sweat for about 6 months. Orgasms slightly less intense, but still very enjoyable and probably easier to reach as I 'm more relaxed. I find I have less control over sugar/carb cravings and am a bit lower energy and have thus gained some weight - maybe 5 kilos. All in all, I was very reluctant to try this, but it has changed my life for the better. Sometimes worry about withdrawal and safety in pregnancy - but I think Effexor saved my life, so that 's the main thing!
I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in January of 2016. Was on methotrexate until March of 2017 with decent improvements. Went on enbrel in March of 2017. Unbelievable results. Feel great. Thanks Amgen!!!
Works GREAT getting rid of the nausea I have from taking Fentanyl and Oxicodone.
For the past 5 years I have witnessed my brother abuse heroin. Every day there was another lie! I love my brother and grew up admiring him. As a result, I fell into a deep depression. No antidepressant worked. When the panic attacks began while witnessing my brother, my doctor prescribed Xanax. It helped tremendously, but it wore off too fast. I was switched to Klonopin, and it has been a God send! It 's a long lasting medicine that allows my mind to slow down, relax, and focus on my blessings in life.
Not only did Soma relieve pain, and muscle spasms,it allowed be to get my first full nights sleep in weeks.
I 've suffered from hyperhidrosis since around 8th grade. I 'm 32 now. I 've tried so many different things to stop the sweating but nothing has worked. It really has been a depressing issue. The big clothes, layering, napkins,  lying, hiding, etc. (sigh)...I went to the doc last week &amp; got Hypercare. I LOVE this &amp; have only used it about 3 times. Wish someone would have gave me this YEARS AGO! I would recommend this to anyone. Its totally changed my self confidence.
This drug gave me my life back. I have had no side effects. My insurance would not cover Savella at first but now they do. Thank you to the researchers and company that puts it out. Hopefully there are no negative long term effects.
I have had my Mirena for almost 5 years now. I had it inserted after my daughter was born in September 2007. I have had probably the best experience possible with the Mirena. My period is very irregular however, but when I do have it, it is very, very light, more like spotting then a period. I will be getting my Mirena changed in a week since the 5 years is now up and I am very nervous. It wasn 't painful the first time, but that was 6 weeks after having a baby so I 'm sure my cervix was more open then now. I have heard that it 's not painful at all to have it removed but I am wondering if anyone has had the same experience and have had their Mirena replaced and could give me some advice on how your experience went!
I been on sertraline hcl 25 mg for a long time and it helped me through the car accident that mom and I was in. I was still taking sertraline when my grandma died  and it helped me get through the toughest time of my life. Sertraline makes me a brand new person out of me. sertraline is the best.
I take 25mg 5 times a day for chronic pain caused by degenerative joint disease in my knees, hips, ankles, and lower back. I feel I got slightly better relief from Oxycontin but I really didn 't like the loopy feeling and the extreme cravings I had, my sister who works in a Vets Hospital pharmacy said I should try Methadone and that was the smartest thing I have ever done. Methadone controls my pain very well and then I have Endocet  10/325 for breakthrough pain as needed. The best thing is no cravings. I won 't say that there are no withdrawal feelings when I don 't have my Methadone for a couple of days but nowhere near what I had with the Oxycontin. Overall I will say that methadone is a wonderful pain medicine and anyone with chronic pain should give it a go.
My Dad has been suffering with Psoriasis for way too long.  It 's emotionally draining for him until we tried Humira.  His skin improved within the first week of the injection.  The complicated thing was waiting for his health insurance to approve and pay for it. Going through all the tests to make sure he 's free of any infection before treatment can be started took awhile also.  Overall, we are very happy with the results.  We just hope that the price can be cheaper for people without health insurance.
After my first child at 29 I decided to look into IUD 's. What convinced me was that Paragard is hormone free, made of copper, &amp; lasts for 10 years. Insertion was mildly uncomfortable no worse than when you go in to the gynecologist &amp; they have to insert that metal thing. That is the most uncomfortable for me, I didn 't feel the actual IUD insertion. Very Heavy first period but progressively they return to normal. 9 months in &amp; so far its been great.
I am 15... no where near ready to have a child. Condom slipped off and went to the drug store right after the accident to get plan b. I read the reviews and I was really scared I was going to have side effects but also scared I was going to get pregnant so I took the pill about 20 hours after. I felt slight cramps but nothing like the side effects other people were feeling. Don 't be scared to take this just because of the side effects because basically nothing happened to me. I got my period on time around a week later. Just started birth control
I had back surgery 6 months ago, three discectomies, and a rod and five screws implanted. While it is stated it is not approved for spinal use, I have found Voltaren extremely beneficial. While I still have pain in the neighborhood of an 8 out of 10, I feel that it would always be a 10 without Voltaren. Many thanks to my PA for recommending it.
Had few breakouts until age 23 I broke out badly, graded moderate acne with some cystic. After two weeks skin it is healing and basically zero breakouts. I use it morning and night. Oil free moisturizer 5 min after in morning. Vaseline around eyes at night due to bad drying in that sensitive area. Benzaclin is legit. Wouldn 't say I had oily skin before (would dry actually) but I had over production of sebum and this simply eliminated that issue
I had been off birth control for about 3 years after a horrible experience with Loestrin 24 Fe. I was terrified to get back on the pill. After my partner and I weighed pros and cons, we decided to get on the pill. I 'm so glad my doctor prescribed this brand. I was a day 1 starter and immediately I felt relief from cramps. I have had no cramping at all since I started (Very much unlike Loestrin) and period was light and only 3 days long ( RELIEF). I 've had to control my emotions at times (I 've noticed I 'm slightly more emotional), my breasts are slightly tender, and my stomach thinks it 's hungry all the time. Don 't give into the tummy grumbles! Keep yourself on a healthy diet and you will not gain weight (So far no weight gain at all).
Had been struggling with GAD, OCD and Depression for years, trying numerous drugs on the Australian market, and nothing would work. Side effects from most were enough to make me stop, as they were horrible, and did nothing to help the anxiety. Ive been on Loxalate 10mg for 8 weeks now, and woah. I had little to no side effects at all, and the over obsessing thoughts and feelings started to fade away almost instantly.I feel as though for the first time my thoughts are my own and not my anxieties or fears.
Zomig has been the most helpful triptan in aborting a migraine.  The only negative side effects are frequent urination after taking the drug and extreme drowsiness.
I 've been on this birth control for 6 years now (I am 19). It has definitely decreased my cramps and pain as that was the original reason I was put on birth control. I work out often so I don 't have to stop running anymore from pain. Now that I 've become sexually active, my periods are always on time so I never worry. My mood is crazy but at the same time i have anxiety problems which I take a low dose of medication for and I went through middle school-currently college on this stuff so I think overall it 's not the medication, it 's me haha. I have always been very slender. I notice I always bloat and have a little belly that never seems to go away but it 's not a big deal. IT CAN make you nauseous...but the trick is to eat a lot with it.
I have been a heavy drinker for many year, substituting Vodka for lunch and dinner. After I found I could barely write due to shakiness, I went to my doctor.  He prescribed Naltrexone, Camprial, and Librium.  It has worked wonders!  So far, no urge to drink, no side effects, and sleeping better than I have in years.  (I must admit that I am somewhat tired, but so what!)  The fog is slowly beginning to lift and I am feeling joy once again.  If I can do it, anyone can!  This is a life saver.
Was put on Benicar HCT 20/12.5 mg in 2002 and it has controlled my BP very well.  Insurance companies stopped covering the medication and I signed up with the Right Fit Program in 2011.  Last year co-pays were $15!  However, all good things do come to an end when the program changed and the pharmacy does not honor the reduced cost.  I cannot afford $156 a month so I am about to stop the Benicar completely.  I have tried all of the rest with no improvement.  I make too much $ for the patient assistance program and not enough $ to cover the higher cost.
I am 46 and have suffered from depression since I was a teenager and fibromyalgia pain and stiffness since I was 30.  Nothing else helped much. I tried gabapentin, Prozac, and other anti-depressants.  Ibuprofen and tramadol helped a little with the pain but not like Cymbalta! I started on 30mg and worked up to 90mg daily. I feel like I am cured!  No more morning pain and stiffness, no more aches and pain and my mood is so much brighter! I haven 't felt this happy since I was a kid. I am laughing all the time. I can do things that I haven 't been able to do physically for years. I started jogging.  Side effects have been a loss of appetite, insomnia, and hot flashes but well worth it!
A bowel movement occurs about an hour to two hours after taking the drug. It is a complete bowel movement and relieves the constipation. I suggest taking a full glass of water with it to get your system going before breakfast
Totally relieved trigeminal pain - pain was non-existent.  However I also turned up allergic so treatment stopped.
Zoloft has changed my life. I used to feel like I wanted to stop living. I had anxiety with racing thoughts, feeling short of breath, social anxiety, and obsessive bad thoughts. I no longer feel suicidal and my irritability has gotten 100% better. I still get short of breath sometimes and worry about things but overall just feel so much more even keeled. I waited a month before taking it after getting the prescription because I didn 't want to take meds and felt like it was a cop out. I 'm so happy I decided to give it a try. I haven 't gained weight and don 't feel like my emotions are dulled. I feel happier and more hopeful. Strongly recommend.
After having my daughter in 07 I decided to go with the Implanon rod which my doctor recommended after they discovered I had endometriosis.   Reading over everyone 's comments I see that a lot of people complain over weight gain/loss and depression but to my surprise I 've never experienced it.  The only thing that I could really agree on is when your cycle can last a long time or you can be very fatigued.  Well since my 3 yrs were up in Oct 2010 I did become one of the few to get the rod replaced and continue on with it.  I 'm hoping though that over time I will no longer need this rod and continue on with a normal life.  This rod is a WONDERFUL thing and I wouldn 't trade it at all.
I started taking Prilosec over 6 years ago. It was very effective at helping with the acid and GERD symptoms, however my Doctor prescribed two tablets a day (Over recommended dosage-due to seriousness of Gerd). I seem to be fine until I started getting horrible spasms in my sides and intestines. I broke my ankle in March and the spasms were bad and the spasms worsened. I had my calcium checked and I was dangerously low. We backed down to 1 Prilosec and the spasms disappeared. So watch your calcium with higher doses.
Ok, I was dependent on pain pills, and other illegal narcotics. The other pain pills were working pretty good, to be honest, but they caused euphoria, and when it causes euphoria, you chase that euphoria, and I would run out of my script WAY to early, and had to go out in the streets for more pain pills or other illegal narcotics. I discussed this with my doctor, he put me on 40mg of methadone, 2x a day, and I finally got my life back on track. You feel good everyday on methadone, without raising your dose, like other pain pills. I can honestly say, methadone DEF. saved my life. Thank you Methadone for saving me, my family, and my faith. Methadone is def. a life saver!
I haven 't had a bowel movement in about 8 or 9 days. I took two pills around midnight and woke up around 5am to a bowel movement. It helped my constipation. I went back to sleep and woke up about 7am to an immediate bowel movement. It is now 7:45am and hopefully this is over. Works great though.
I used sildenafil today, took three 20 mg tablets and it work as good as Viagra. I used Viagra 100 mg for a year and this work great and no side effects, just a little flushing. Took on an empty stomach and worked in 30 mins. Lasted quite awhile. It cost me $73.80 for 30 tablets compared to paying  $261.00 for 10 Viagra with coupon.  A lot cheaper than Viagra work awesome. Thank you
Does great relieving pain from blocked bowels.
My quality of living without constant pain has been great...now the down side....attempting to go off the medicine...withdrawal etc. I was up to 100 mcg...I am now down to 37 mcg....will attempt to continue to decrease dose....wish me luck!
Started on February 15 and down 6 pounds I 'm totally excited about this. Will continue on with my Doctor.
Soooo, before nexplanon I had the implanon in for the full 3 years and LOVED it! :) absolutely no issues, never gained weight(ps I also rarely work out and my diet is not the best) and my periods have always been super light and on time every month, after my 3 years were up it was time to have it removed. So I chose to get the nexplanon inserted. The procedure was fast and not very painful, just some bruising. At first I did not get a period for 3 months and I did have some cramping and mood swings, but after 3 months my body adjusted to the new birth control, and I started getting a normal short period each month. :) Also, my weight has pretty much stayed the same. And I plan on keeping until my 3 year mark is up! :)
I broke my back and after trying many medicines and many combinations of medicines, Bextra was the only one that worked for my pain.
I was prescribed this medication as I have a chest infection. I had a really bad cough for around 3 weeks, after 2 days of taking this my cough was so much better. EXCEPT that around the same time my cough signifigantly improved, I felt so nauseous.
I feel this medicine has helped with minimum side effects. I do not get a high or low feeling taking it. I have been able to do more with little pain. I have learned my limitations which was very important in order to not over do it that can cause more problems.
I have had gout for 30 years, done and tried everything, there is nothing to touch indomethacin. It works wonders. Also drink plenty of water and try coconut water, it cleans the kidneys out and uric acid.
Irritable Bowel Syndrome ruined quality of my life completely. I wasted enormous amounts of money and time for different doctors and medicines, supplement and procedures! As I am a beautiful young lady it was terrible to have all these IBS related symptoms! But thank goodness after a long way of researches I found out about this medicine! I am very afraid that someday it may stop working on me (I started from Robinul first-and it did stop after a month of usage)! It does not cure IBS, it doesn 't completely help with the pain sometimes, but still it is the best product available in the market nowadays!
It works very well. The only thing I dislike about it is that I have to use it less than I am supposed to otherwise I run out too fast and have to go without.
Have been taking   Er 120mgs 3x a day, with60mg. For break through pain. I suffer from chronic spinal stenosis with acachnoditis. That being a progressive disorder.After many different Doctors rx not helping ' went to pain management clinic. I was inpatient for 4-5 days till they finally found right drug &amp; most important dose. I Do take 60-90mg for breakthrough pain. It works so well. Bless those Dr 's that took the time &amp; effort to find answers. I  am on same dose for awhile now.  The only side effect is bad constipation. I  use a stool softener . What a relief to finally have a decent quality of life finally.
I have been on Seasonique for approximately 3-4 years and I have to say I really enjoy only having periods every three months.  I no longer have the 7-10 day periods and my periods are very light and there are no cramps.  I have noticed others have had the total opposite but I was told by my doctor that each person is different and not be discouraged.  I also don 't have as many migraines as I used to.  I recommend this to anyone who has long periods or irregular periods because now mine are regular and last 3 or 4 days at the most.
I was diagnosed with this Microscopic Colitis three years ago and the only medication that has helped me is Budesonide.  Well, I was on it for three months and I finally felt like myself again.  Then my doctor informed me thatI should stop which I did.  After a couple of weeks I had the same symptomsagain.  Because it is a steroid it should not be used for any length of time I was told.  So like most everyone else I had tried Apriso, Lialda with no relief at all.  I am now starting again with Budesonide for another course of treatment.  For me I put on weight and got lots of nasty black hairs aroundmy chin which I didn 't like.  That is one of the reason why I don 't look forward to taking this again.  However I will use this again for a rest.
I was extremely constipated and no one seems to know why. My GI doctor gave me Amitiza and it really helped me with the constipation but as far as my burping, passing gas and hiccuping is still a real problem.
I have cancer and this drug takes my mind of death and is a great sleep aid.
We generally use the prednisone (Deltasone is the brand name) for our chronic lung disease patients. It seems to be effective for opening the air ways, but it is not for immediate rescue. We generally use it to keep the airway open after we give something like albuterol initially. Some things to keep in mind, your blood sugar may be checked because cortisones (which is what this is) can cause hyperglycemia. Also, cortisones can cause water retention and weight gain. Generally, over a long period of time, I have seen it also affect skin tissue, but it is better to be able to breath.
All I can say is WOW! This is A-mazing to say the least. Have always been terrified of oral presentations. Had one today, took one 10mg propranolol 1 hour prior to the presentation. Was very fearful that it wasn 't going to work but man was I as calm as ever! It was so nice to be standing up in front of the class being able to talk(breathe) no racing heart, no running out of air, no, not being able to finish a sentence! Where has this been all my life!
I 'm almost 23I 've had one child he was born at 27 weeks almost two years agoI got the IUD put in on the last day of my period (3 day periods) so I spotted for the next 4 days after that I spotted every other day one time a day for 6 days and now I 've had it in for 16 days and no spotting. So I had 10 days of spotting (on and off) and so far I love it :)
I 've had debilitating anxiety and depression most of my life and going into perimenopause made it a thousand times worse. I was on Seroquel and Lexapro, but my mood swings, depression, extreme fear, panic attacks and anxiety was still absolutely paralyzing.  I also developed intrusive thoughts. My doctor started me on Buspar, Bio-Identical Hormone therapy and Lamictil. It changed my life.I have had no serious side effects other than mild memory impairment at first. I control the Lamictil rash on my face with 5% Benzoyl Peroxide Cream and Hydrocortisone cream. Prayer, faith in God and coping mechanisms have also helped me tremendously.  My mind is clear and I feel normal. Give it a shot!
I guess medicines don 't work the same for everybody.  I have been taking Januvia (50mg) for 6 months now and have had no side effects at all.  I take 3 metformin daily.  My blood sugar readings have gone down from 8.1 to 6.9 (Canadian scale).  I thought I was heading for type 1 but Januvia really works for me.  Like many things, you could just try it and see for yourself.
After many years of steadily gaining I topped out at 330 lbs. I wanted the bypass surgery but family was not on board. After changing doctors and seeing a new Endo,  she suggested victoza and I am very grateful. I just came back from my 3 week follow-up and so far I 've lost 14 pounds.  My appetite has subsided and there are many times where I know I 'm hungry but I just can 't eat. Terrible gas and diarrhea so I need to be careful from eating fruit and too much cereal. Portion control is easy because I cannot finish the plate anyway.  I went up to the full dose mistakenly the end of the first week and that was not good. I went back to the middle dose and I will challenge the higher dose in a couple of weeks. Good stuff. Happy.
The 25mg dose has worked well to help me sleep with no  detectable side effects.
Smoked for 15 years - Had 2 smokes left in the pack when I got the pills - Stopped smoking from day 1 of taking the pills - Didn 't crave smoking but felt very sad and emotional about not smoking Mood was good - but depressed about not smoking - No sleep issues as I took my dose early in the morning and at lunch The full double dose bothered my stomach so I cut back down to half Been smoke free for 3 weeks including drinking beer - coffee - and 4 rounds of golf
My A1C hit 7.2, and my doctor put me on glimepiride, 1 mg at my largest meal (usually breakfast). My BS hit 73; fortunately, I now carry glucose tablets with me. It 's working well for me and, so far, no side effects. In three weeks, A1C went from 7.2 to 6.2 (estimated).  I will see doctor next week for professional evaluation.  I like this medication.
Relief was immediate and dramatic.
Intuniv is by far the best drug on the market for ADD/ADHD.
I was this drug for 6 months, the process was horrible. I had dry skin, muscle aches, and the worst thing, no visible improvement. The very last month I noticed my skin was a little more clear than usual, but still not acne free. Then in the last week of my medication I cleared up and after I stopped the medication I was pimple free. It has been a year now and I hardly EVER have a pimple! I went from severe acne to nothing! Stick with it till the end! Your self confidence will thank you in the future.
I just started this drug about a week ago and it made all my paranoid thoughts go away, something Risperdal was never able to do for about almost 10 years I 've been on it. I 'm 22 now and I started Risperdal when I was either 13 or 14. Before I was on olanzapine which made me gain a lot of weight in the hospital when I was 13, it made me gain 20 lbs or more I think, and on Risperdal I 've gained a lot of weight every year too. Now I 'm 166 and I 'm really afraid about being 200 lbs so I 'm going to switch completely to Geodon because I heard a lot of amazing reviews about it. I 'm not getting any side effects at all and I 'm feeling much better. I 'm on Paxil, Risperdal, Geodon, Lamictal and I 'm going to try to get off of Paxil and Risperdal completely.
I started this medication one week ago. I was apprehensive to start but I did. I  41 year old female with Type II diabetes. I was diagnosed 7 years ago. I have always had fairly good control but my fasting levels are always difficult to manage. The first night, I was very nauseous! I could not even smell food and I ate sprite and apple sauce for dinner. The next day, I noticed a decrease in appetite but no nausea. I did wake up with headaches for the first 3 days. My numbers have greatly improved! Even my fasting numbers, which were my toughest to control are now under 105; this was never possible before.  I have lost 1-2 pounds so far. I do not feel hungryand I fill up faster. I do not have the cravings that I had and can turn away dessert
I was on synthetic thyroid medicine and I was still miserable. I strongly recommend having your doctor switch you over to armour thyroid. It is amazing. I have energy, my hair isn 't breaking off, I lose weight when I exercise. I absolutely love it.
I 'm a 41yr old female whose opiate addiction lasted 8 yrs. I had multiple surgeries, broken bones that always required some sort of pain Meds. I always took as directed until the dosage wasn 't helping so I 'd take more pills or ask for stronger pain pills just to ease the pain. I was taking 15 Lortabs 10mg a day and if I didn 't have any I couldn 't get up out of bed so when I eventually was taken off my pain pills. I explained the symptoms I have when I dont take the pain pills. He explained I was having opioid withdrawals. I was so shocked I felt awful. I didn 't take pain meds for the thrill. So why me? I now only take Suboxone 8mg 2-3x daily. Results are instant! 1 year now no problems. MIRACLE AND TRULY A BLESSING.I feel normal again! 
I have severe nausea and vomiting due to an extreme case of endometriosis. I have to be hospitalized because of pain, weakness and dehydration because of severe vomiting. I can 't even hold down a tiny sip of water for 2 mins. I have tried every medication possible and Zofran ODT is the only thing that gives me relief! It is a prescription I always have on hand at all times.
Horrible shoulder and knee pain
The process did hurt a lot but, it 's worth it. Especially if you want to figure out what life really truly has to offer, without the worry of a child. I didn 't cramp as bad as I did while on the pill. However, I did cramp like I was on my period. I did spot/ have light bleeding for 2months. Doctors said that was normal. Overall I love the skyla and thinking about getting annoying November, no my 3years won 't be up, just don 't need any mishaps when it 's really time for anew one.
I have severe TMJ disfunction along with a long list of other painful medical conditions, and I 've tried almost every muscle relaxer out there (zanaflex, flexeril, norflex, skelaxin, robaxin, etc), and nothing comes close to the relief I get from soma. I also take a long acting pain killer with the soma 3 times a day and it 's really improved my quality of life. The only downside is sometimes it makes me quite drowsy/dizzy, so I never take it before I have to drive somewhere. However I 'd much rather be a little loopy on my couch than be in excruciating pain 24/7!
I have breakouts at 59 and my dermatologist handed me samples.  I love Aczone.
My restless legs symptoms were 90 cleared up immediately upon the first dosage. The relief comes quickly and I can take a second dose right away if symptoms persist.
there was a period of time when i kept going to the emergency room for chest pains and shortness of breath. my heart and everything checked out perfect. i went to the doctor and described these episodes i was having and he prescribed ativan 2mg and i have never experienced the tightness of the chest as often once i discovered i was having panic attacks. it is very helpful and not too sedative, and it might not work for everyone, if possible try small rx or samples first.
Lotrel has worked for me with a low dosage. The higher dosage caused side effects. Tried five different blood  pressure medicines before and they all had side effects such as swelling or leg cramps.
I am new to opiate addiction but not new to this world.  After 3 years of prescribed oxy and oxycontin at 60 mg with a doctor who would not increase my dose due to my tolerance, i found a hook up that helped me increase my 60 mg to 210 mg a day habit. Needless to say, I was becoming broke.  At the beginning of July i had a friend check me into a  four t o five day clinic at my 26th hour of no oxis due to an effective DEA seizure I guess. I was hurting and delusional.  I asked the question of which one was easiest and Bunavail won!!  I think they are amazing!&quot;in thev28th hour I received my first 4.2 patch- it is suppose to be  equivalent to an 80 mg oxi.. I have had no withdrawals minus that first day I put myself through hell.
As the CEO of a prominent local non-profit, my biggest weakness was public speaking. After an embarrassing episode this year, I found this website and went for a visit to my physician.  He prescribed 20mg an hour before public speaking. I did a test run and found myself at lunch with colleagues where I was totally relaxed and enjoying the experience when before I would have been anxious and &quot;stressed&quot;. My next experience was a short presentation in front of 30-40 high level leaders. I was still somewhat anxious before the preso, which is okay, but once at the podium and talking I was at ease, relaxed,  and my mind clear. I did a great job and actually enjoyed it! A life changer!
I have been taking Toprol XL for about 2 years. My doctor has now put me on 200mg twice a day, total 400mg a day, this had to be approve by my insurance company and it was. This is working for me, no side effects and my blood pressure is steady at 114/70.
Just works without trying!
Maxalt has worked wonders for me. When I have migraines I never feel like swallowing tablets, so the fact that I have the dissolving tablet is an absolute bonus. Before this medicine I was bedridden for days at a time, and after a migraine, my head always felt so heavy and like a bowling ball. Now however I am able to go to work the next day. I recommend it to every person I meet!
Great results with the drug, had long period with no sex and after the pill 3 times on the first night with no disfunction. The only side effect was a cracking headache for about 4 hours the next day. Worth it though.
I remember reading people 's opinions, online, of the drug before I took it and it scared me away from it. Then I finally decided to give it a try and it has been the best choice I have made. I have been on it for over 4 months and I feel great. I 'm on 100mg and I don 't have any side effects. When I first started I did notice that my hands would tremble but then it subsided. So honestly, don 't listen to all the negativity because what doesn 't work for some works amazing for others. So go based on youself and not everyone else. It may be a blessing in diguise. The pill is not meant to make you be all happy go lucky and see &quot;butterflies and roses&quot;, its meant to help put the chemicals in your mind in balance so you can just be who you are and not overly depressed. I still get sad some times, but that is normal, that is life, and it 's up to people to take control to make a change. I did so by getting on this pill.
I have a colonoscopy tomorrow.  This is by far the worst tasting prep I have ever used.  I started at 5pm.  It started working while I was on my 2nd 16 oz. of water. I have to take another dose at midnight. I&rsquo;m not happy about that.  I just hope I can get it down.  I felt extremely nauseous.  Not sure how long I will be in here.  I&rsquo;m hoping to get some sleep before my midnight dose
Best I ever had!
50 years old, 1st colonoscopy.  I scheduled an 8 am exam.I suggestion you have a 11 am exam.You take the 1st packets of A &amp; B for MoviPrep (MP) around 6 pm that night. I suggest you drink about 12 to 16 ounces of water prior to drinking the MP, otherwise it makes you dizzy. Things will start happening between an half to 2 hours later.  I probably had 30 flushes of the toilet before I got to bed around 10:30 pm.   Had to wake up at 2:30 am for the 2nd batch.  Repeated above, but this time I drank it all in about 30 minutes with another 16 ounces of water just prior.  Your BM 's will be all liquid, at least 40 flushes before I was finished.  The urine was bright yellow, like you took a B vitamin. Good stuff!
58 yrs old, Good shape. This product is amazing. 
I 've only been on it for two months but so far I love it! My period lasts 1-2 days and its super light! It does make me feel a little nauseous every now and then but nothing too bad. Other then that its perfect! I still feel like myself and my skin is super clear, I highly recommend this birth control, its awesome!
I LOVE THIS. IT HAS HELPED ME TREMENDOUSLY AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO PEOPLE everywhere. Remember everyone is different so it may not help some and it may help some but as for me it does work.
Suffering from cramping, diarrhea, and spasms for over a month and within 10 mins of taking the 10mg pill I feel much better. I can actually walk around and not worry about having to be near the bathroom 24/7. Has not completely stopped spasms but has helped tremendously. The cramps have stopped! I would recommend anyone trying this out for irritable bowel syndrome/inflammatory bowel disease cramping relief. Female, IBD, 25yrs old.
Fantastic would be suffering with out! I take co-codamol 30/500 for tooth ache  that I 'm getting work on and having to wait a while for referral to go through. But this really does make the pain vanish in about 10 minutes! Only down side is it can make you feel very drowsy and very slight stomach ache but I take to help me sleep as that 's when the pain is at it 's worst and it does help you sleep. Also causes constipation and the pain free moments only last a few hours.
For this is the reason I most commonly check out medication on this site, I will refer to the time it took for bupropion to work:To my surprise it took exactly 18 days. The thing I found quite striking is that on the eighteenth day it started having a huge effect within just a few hours in the morning. There after it kept working till today.Cause side effects are a huge deal in antidepressive medication I should add: For me it was quite easy to deal with them. I had headache once in a while, but could treat it with aspirin and I did not sleep so well for a few days. Dry mouth is what stayed the longest but that seems pretty accetable compared with depression.
I 've been bi-polar since I 've been 19 and am now 58. I 've been taking lamictal 50mg daily for at least 20 years. I also was taking Wellbutrin 200mg daily for the depression which I just went off (tapered gradually over 6months) for the first time in 20 years. I am very stable and this I attribute to the lamictal. It 's been a real life saver for me. I 've been out of the hospital for 30 years. I am a successful nurse. I 'm married and have 2 beautiful children who are now married. It 's not easy. I never thought life would be normal back in my early diagnosis days. Don 't give up. Take the meds but always tweak them with the doc if they don 't feel right for you. Keep busy and find something do with with your life that gives you value. :)
I have constant pain in my neck, scalp, left thumb. Tegretol helped but compromised my bone marrow. Be sure to have to have CBC blood work regularly.
I have been taking Tenuate for about 3 weeks now and I have lost 10 lbs so far. That was without watching my diet too much and little to no exercise. I asked the doctor to put me on something to help because I might have to have back surgery. I can 't do a lot of cardio aside from walking. He put me on this and I 've been feeling so much better. I sleep great, no side effects aside from dry mouth and I do get dizzy quite a bit. Definitely makes me not want to eat. In fact if I go to eat something an hour or so after taking it I feel like I 'll get sick if I keep eating. I know it trigger 's nerve 's in your brain so everyone 's reaction will be a little bit different. I don 't feel like I 'm over energized or &quot;spacey&quot;. 20 lbs to go!
Imiquimod is amazing! I found out I had HPV last week and I had one small wart plus some textured ares where it seemed as if more were forming. I was prescribed Imiquimod and one week later all of the texture is gone, the area is smooth and the one raised small wart is pretty much gone! I had no side effects other than a little sensitivity and &quot;rawness&quot; on the site of application but totally worth it. However, I have been taking very good care of myself: eating well, and getting sufficient rest so I can boost my immune system to help fight the outbreak. It 's nice to feel back to &quot;normal&quot;.
I started off taking a birth control IUD called Liletta. It seemed like the perfect option for my family and I at the time. Unfortunately it didn 't agree with my body and expelled twice. Tubal ligation and birth control pills just weren 't options at the time so my husband and I decided to try nexplanon. It works amazing! I 'm been  on nexplanon for 8 months now and I couldn 't be happier with our choice. I did experience some aggressive behavior and change in mood because of the added hormones after a few months of having it implanted but it subsided in about two weeks. I would definitely recommend!
I 've had Nexplanon going on 2 years and have had no issues. I have not had a period since it was put in.  Only side effect I have had is my headaches have become stronger than when I didn 't have it in.  I would recommend this to everyone and plan on having another put in after the 3 years is up.
Lexapro helped me a lot with CONSTANT anxiety. I had already tried Zoloft and Paxil, but Lexapro helped more than both combined. I still have a little anxiety, but this medicine has made my life bearable.
I am a physician who has struggled with anxiety my whole life.  I have previously tried selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), benzodiazepines, as well as meditation, exercise, healthy eating, and CBT.  All the non-drug options were helpful but not sufficient. SSRIs were not very effective in my case and I had various side effects.  Benzodiazepines worked brilliantly and helped me through some stressful months of training but led to pharmacological tolerance and dependence.  After many years of struggling with no medications I decided to try buspirone but I was very skeptical it would work because most of my colleagues stated it was a rather ineffectual drug.  I have to say they are absolutely wrong.  I feel calmer, more in control than I have been for a long time.
Ambien is absolutely great, a miracle. Calms the mind. I suffer from severe anxiety, sometimes panic attacks. I 'll take them during the day and the panic and anxiety just melts away. Fantastic for many psychological disorders but best for sleeping. Take on an empty stomach or you wont get the full effect.
I have been taking the 8mg suboxene strip for a while now. My insurance doesnt cover suboxene so my doctor wrote a script to try Bunavail since it would be free with a voucher.Yesterday was my first day on it and i already like it WAY more than subs. Postive things about Bunavail: it doesn 't have that nasty sub taste. It doesnt give you that feeling that your ok for part of the day then need to keep taking more. With subs i would have to keep taking pieces just 2 get through the day With the Bunavail i took 1 patch to the cheek whixh is 4mg and i havent felt this normal in years! I actually feel great! I can go through the day With no urges. Negative is that it takes FOREVER to dissolve on your cheek. FINALLY feel like im not taking a drug
Been taking this for over 2 years now for extreme basilar artery migraines. started at 75mg. recently was upped to 125mg. If I miss a dose boy can I tell. This med works.
I was on depo for 5 and a half years (16-21), it worked wonders for me. I had awful periods before the shot. After the first shot, I had a light period for about 3 weeks but no period or spotting ever after that. I did not gain weight, I actually lost weight. It does make you hungry ALL the time for the first few months but I was wise about my snack choices with I believe helped alot. This was the only form of B.C. me and my boyfriend used for the entire time and no babies. It does take some getting used to not having a period to confirm you aren 't pregnant at first. When we decided to have a baby, it took 8 months to get pregnant. I didn 't have any serious issues and loved it.
I started the medication on 1/8/2016 as directed weighed myself this morning with the scale down scale and it said that I lost 21 pounds in less than 2 weeks
This medicine works great. I had mild diarreah as a side effect, but my annoying mucus cough was relieved.
So me and my GF had sex  and the condom ended up breaking. So 20 hours later I bought her a Plan B. I suggest eating a good big meal while taking it. She didn 't really have any symptoms after she took it except her stomach started hurting. Her period wasn 't due for another 2 weeks. It ended up coming a week early. Brown/dark red blood for a few days then cherry red blood. Just be prepared and responsible. Take care of your girl while she 's on it make her feel loved and important. Understand and really listen to how she feels. Just pray and everything will be alright thank you God!!
I have been taking Micronor for almost a month now. I used to take Yaz for 2 years but had to stop due to migraines. I 've honestly had 0 problems with Micronor, much to my surprise after reading so many negative reviews. I do not have spotting, weight gain, etc. It doesn 't help my acne, but I don 't think it 's making it worse. I think people may be having issues with spotting and heavy bleeding because they are not taking the pill at the exact same time every day. I take it at exactly 6 and have had no problems!
I take Ambien when I need to change my sleeping habits, or when my anxiety induces insomnia. I 've had no side effects bad enough for me to remember, although I do get amnesia. I do my best to get right to sleep after taking it because I will do strange things while awake. Otherwise Ambien works perfectly for my needs.
Truly exceptional pill! I 've been on it for almost a year. At first I had a little breakthrough bleeding, buts that 's the only adverse side effect I 've encountered. My boobs went from an A to a C, I have no cramping, really light periods that last 2-3 days, and I 've had no weight gain. Would recommend to anyone!
I was so scared of the insertion part but it wasn 't as bad as I 'd expected. It felt like a small contraction. But honestly not bad for me. I had a bit of cramps an hour later but right after the insertion they gave me middle for cramps. The following day I had a bit of cramps and that was it. However, I did get my period twice that month and the following month as well but with no cramps.  I 'm on my 4th month now and no more bleeding like before. I honestly am so happy I got this iud. The only downside for me is that this one is only for 3 years. But I 'll definitely go with this one again. Everyone 's body is different so you may have a good experience with it as I am. Don 't let other reviews scare you like it did to me.
I had severe acne when I was in my early teens, I tried different types of antibiotics, retin A, duac and more before finally trying Accutane. I started taking it at 15 years old and was on 40 mg for seven months . It was a MIRACLE. My skin was 100% clear after one month and after seven months scarring was gone too. My skin stayed PERFECT for five years! Around 6 months ago acne started coming back though nothing like what it was before. I am now on my second day of 10mg of accutane since I have very very mild acne. I am so used to perfect skin that even the tiniest pimple can really upset me. Either way accutane changed my life. Highly recommend!!!!!
Only thing that works! I have MSK and vertigo and BOTH cause nausea with flare ups and this is my life saver!
My 5 year old daughter has been on 10 mg of Strattera daily for 3 days.  Her first dose was opened and in a prune and Apple sauce mixture....tummy ache in 30 minutes.  The second and third dose were in the capsule and a table spoon of chocolate pudding....she swallowed it and had no tummy pain....we are pleased, so far, and we got a good report from her teacher, today.  I had her say the alphabet tonight and she was more focused and did not mispronounce a single letter.  I am a FNP and WHNP so I have treated a lot of ADHD kids.  Our daughter 's Psychiatrist suggested Strattera due to her new diagnosis and young age.  So far she is eating well and fast asleep, beside me.  I hope this continues to be a positive experience.
I rarely have trouble falling asleep so that 's not why I use it.  I use it to stay asleep if I wake up in the middle of the night for whatever reason.  There are times when I wake up 2-3 hours before I want to and my brain shifts into overdrive and I can 't get back to sleep, or if I do, it takes me about an hour.  This medication eliminates that.  I only use it if I 've had a few nights in a row like that. Then I get caught up and wake up rested.  I would never feel comfortable about using it nightly.  Thankfully I don 't need to.  0.5mg is all it takes for me. I 'm 5 '3&quot; about 130 give or take 5lbs. A bottle of 30 lasts me several weeks or a few months.
I was diagnosed with Chronic Insomnia about 5 months ago. Doctor prescribed Ambien. It works wonders. I discovered that for me, once I take it, I cannot communicate on any social media websites, because the next day when I go back and read what I wrote, it 's a bunch of gibberish. My routine, I take an Ambien, get in the bed and read a little, before I know it, I 'm waking up in the morning not realizing I even feel asleep. My only issue is, the pills are prescribed in bottles of 21 pills, one bottle with two additional refills. If I don 't schedule my follow - up Sleep Appointment right, I 'll be stuck with a few days with no medicine like I am now while typing this, lol. It is after 12 am and I 'm WIDE AWAKE.
Suffering asthma for more than 60 years.
I started getting Restless Legs Syndrome in 2010, caught me off guard. I was taking Requip, and that worked for awhile, but I found that I was getting leg shaking during the day. Since I sit at a computer all day, this was very annoying and would actually interfere with my job. So I started taking the Requip during the day to alleviate the shaking, that made me very tired. I went to a neurologist, and he changed my script to Mirapex. The 1st night was wonderful, the next full day, I was sleepy. He had put me on 0.5 tabs 3x a day. I found that if I cut a tab into quarters, I could take 1/4 during the day with miminal sleepiness, and 1/2 tab at night when I wanted to sleep real good. So I end up taking the pill just 2x a day.
I was given Xanax 0.5mg over 10 years ago for extreme panic attacks, always and still does do the trick.I started off with 2 a day it became *as needed*.Luckily I didn 't build up a tolerance.I am having trouble (Since my doctor retired) finding a doctor to prescribe them.As I type I have been forced to be with out them for going on 5 days and I have had a few really bad panic attacks. Could be lack of pills, could be physiological, most likely menopause.I have not found any one to help me with this.Why? Clearly, I know what works for me.
Dr. suggested Contrave for 2 yrs. Declined thinking I 'd do it on my own.  Wasn 't liking the potential side effects.  CNP clarified - given family history, current obesity, eating habits &amp; activity level headed for a place much worse than potential side effects.  Moved forward with it &amp; Scaledown.  1st month down 21 lbs.  4 1/2 months down 63 lbs.! Significantly curbs desire to eat &amp; feel full much faster  Side effects seem to be mild constipation &amp; has impacted sleep cycle to the extent am awake more frequently through the night than previously.  Would have preferred to not have these things but well worth it considering weight loss &amp; improved well being/quality of life.  Establishing much better eating habit 's for post Contrave.
I 've had Fibromyalgia for a long, very long time.  I was diagnosed in the year of 1995, I also found out that due to the fibromyalgia that I have weak bones, and taking medicines increased my already there asthma.  What worked for me was the amitriptyline 25mg 1 a day also a great medicine called Tolmetin Sodium 600mg, 3 x 's a day.  I 've been taking these two medicines and have been able to work 40 hours a week with no side effects. I walk over 4 miles, hardly any pain and do strength training without having to take more medications.  If you are having lots of pain due to fibromyalgia you might want to talk to your doctor and find out if you can take these two medicines together. All in all I was hugged and it didn 't hurt for the first time in eight years.
After vomiting for 3-4 days solid, every 4/5 weeks for 6/7 months (starting at age 45), went to see consultant Doctor.  Underwent brain scan etc. to rule out any other causes to the vomiting, diagnosed as cyclic vomiting syndrome and started 10mg amitriptyline a day.  Cured! No vomiting for 3 months now, brilliant!
I too am giving this review on the loo. I 'd say its like a salty lemon drink. I was meant to be going to see a panto tonight but has the saying goes oh no your not. Very watery bowel movement can not leave the toilet for longer than 5 mins. I feel like the guy from dumb and dumber when he gets tricked into drinking laxative. Lol. Well hopefully will be clear when go hospital tomorrow. I 'm in the uk too so got on NHS.
I was prescribed Creon after my 4th bout of pancreatitis. It is crazy expensive! I sought out a G.I. doc for alternatives that I could afford and also called Caremark for information. Neither had any substitutes that weren 't just as expensive. I quit alcohol 8 years ago. I have severe chronic pain after 7 lumbar surgeries. I am being treated with Fentanyl &amp; Norco (and/or Dilaudid). I attribute my pancreatitis in large part to pain medications. I researched supplements and found Hi-Vegi-Lip. It helps pancreatic pain within 2-3 days, although I continue it for 2 to 4 weeks to help rest my pancreas. It is an amazing product with my only side effect being constipation, so I take OTC Colace. I only take Hi-Vegi-Lip as stated above, not continually.
I had severe acne for about 3 years, after all the lasers, chemical peels, pills, tropical treatments, I 'm finally almost cleared up. I 'll be getting a lazer treatment done soon to get rid of my acne scars, and just to shrink my oil glands, but now I 'm on this cleanser and it seems to work great!
My PSA had reached 39.7 and I underwent surgical castration on March 19 2009 in Delhi India where I was on holiday. I returned to the UK on 23 March. My consultant prescribed Casodex 50mg once per day for my remaining lifetime. I am 79 years old and tolerated the surgery well. On 13 May my PSA level had dropped to 0.6 and on the 13 July my PSA  result was so low that it was non-recordable. I have suffered a recent bout of pneumonia, and I have frequent hot flashes, but otherwise I feel much better than I did before surgery and the Casodex seems to be doing it 's job. I take no other medicine than the Casodex.
Having been a big boned guy all my life was fine when I was more active. Now I am 31, 44lbs overweight and wish I was much taller. Went on Belviq three months ago and just now starting exercise. Joints feeling better, beeter blood pressure and cholesterol better. It works fine 25 pounds down 25lbs to go. My doctor won 't tell me if everyone gets these results but he just smiles and so do I. Now I look better on my wife 's arm.
I have had acne since I was 13 when my period started. Anyway mines was bad to the point people would say what 's wrong with your face. It was sad after years of over the counter drugs and acne washes like clean &amp; clear and so on nothing worked. I decided to go see a dermatologist at the age of 26 and I was in tears telling him and just looking at my face. He put me on minocycline 100mg twice a day I saw great results in 8 months.  So then I went back and he put on them once a day I 'm about to be 29 in July and in still on it. My face still has minor breaks out like from falling asleep in make up and mother nature. I have to say its great I go back in may to get off.
In February 2008 I fell ill to Influenza A and ended up with double pneumonia. After a 7 day hospital stay in the ICU I begged to go home and the doctor prescribed Zyvox. This antibiotic did its job and cleared up my pneumonia and also a MRSA sinus infection that I had tried dozens of other antibiotics for with no results. There weren 't many annoying side effects which was a welcome relief. I did have some dizziness but nothing severe, also a little nausea from time to time.
I was in a car accident in April and have been dealing with moderate back pain since then. Today, I 'm being medi-evacuated from my ship (in the navy) back to the States for an unrelated issue, and I asked about something for the pain while I 'm on the plane. This is amazing. I feel nothing and I haven 't been able to get rid of the pain until now. 
I have been on Neurontin for about a year now.  I started with 300 mg. a day and now take 400 mg a day.  This medicine has given me my life back.  I was having 4-6 headaches a month, each lasting 1-4 days.  I was taking Zomig 4-6 times a month along with Excedrin Migraine and Fiorinal.  Now I only get 1-2 headaches a month and they are very mild.  I can usually get rid of them with one dose of Excedrin Migraine or Fiorinal.  Side effects are weight gain and some slight brain &quot;fuzziness&quot; but nothing serious. I had previously tried a beta blocker and an antidepressant and the side effects were horrible, plus I still had the headaches.  I am very happy with Neurontin.
This product worked well for me I took it 24 hours after unprotected sex and it worked well for me. It cost $39.99 at CVS about $10 cheaper then Plan B and to me it was worth it. Although I was nervous to buy the  generic brand because of the reviews but it worked good in my eyes.  Only symptoms I received were mild cramping and a slight headache but nothing to crazy the only downfall to this product is it made my period 2 days late but yet again my period  dates fluctuates so much that it could have just bean on time.  P.S. I weigh about 275 pounds   For anyone who is concerned about there being a weight limit .
I have a hard time sleeping since I was a teen. Trazodone has been a God send. I started with 50mg and went quickly to 100mg. I split my pill in half and take 1/2 of it about 2 hrs before bed and the other half at bedtime. If I take it all at once my head stuffs up.  That is the only side effect that I have noticed. I wake up with no grogginess and feel great.
I had my first asthma attack when I was 30 (13 years ago) and each year it got worse to the point where I would have 6 attacks a day and my puffers would not work.  I took this drug and my attacks do not exist anymore.  I am an avid athlete and I am no longer hindered.  Back in February I struggled to get my breathe and I was on my way to the Emergency, that is when I got this pill prescribed to me and it has been a God send!  I don 't have the sleep issues others have mentioned here, I never really slept the best to start with, but no changes.  No crazy dreams. I never been more pleased.
I got Kyleena put in September (2017), so I 've had it for  3 months now. The procedure was simple and quick. I was on the last few days of my period when I saw the OBGYN. The appointment started off just like a annual one. She told me all about it and asked if I had questions. I did a lot of research before, so I felt good and knowledgeable. My OBGYN is fantastic. She explained everything as she did it and told me when I would feel the pinch/pain from the placement. I would describe it as a 6, but it was quick pain. I had a little spotting after and some cramping. I did half a day at work, so I relaxed with a heated blanket, napped and was fine by the next day. Side effects: acne first month (gone now) and some spotting (third month).
This medication has been a blessing.  I have fibromyalgia which has caused major depression.  I have taken every kind of medication out there that treats both.  Side effects from other medications was too much.  My doctor prescribed this although it does not treat fibromyalgia pain like most, it has made my mood much better. I feel much more happier and alive. I have only taken this medication for a month. Unlike most depression medication, I felt a huge difference the first day.  Many people talk about the side effects of nausea with this medication... I did not have any. If I did it was not a big enough deal to make me notice. Overall, I think this was the best antidepressant I have ever taken and I have so far had no side effects.
I am an RN and used Biafine on a number of conditions, 1st and 2nd degree burns are my favorite, because it decreases the pain tenfold. I have seen Biafine heal pressure sores that previously nothing helped  and I have personally put it on things like cuts that should have taken weeks to heal and they would be completely healed in a matter of days.
I have been on 0.6 Victoza for the last 7 days.  I have had no side effects whatsoever, except for maybe less of an appetite. I have already lost 7 lbs so far, a pound a day!  And my blood sugar readings have gone from 170 's to 109.  This is a miracle. I only hope that the side effects don 't get worse or grow in number.  Moving to 1.2 Tomorrow.  We shall see how things go from there.
Botox has successfully the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles on my face. I am happy with the results so far. 
17. My mood before ranged from sad to completely neutral about everything. I was unmotivated, irritable, had chronic migraines, was constantly exhausted but unable to sleep without meds and felt like I had a huge weight on my shoulders. Now I 've been taking Lexapro/ Cipralex for 1 week. I didn 't get dry mouth thankfully. I feel lighter, wake up very alert, and less irritable. I had a bit of nausea and some pupil dilation the first couple nights and I feel a bit antsy overall. I found that with Seroquel for sleep, I would fall asleep within half an hour. Combined with Lexapro/Cipralex I can fall asleep within 15 minutes. I take it around 11pm and then I take the Seroquel whenever I want to go to sleep. So far it 's been pretty good.
So far it is working the only side effect was a dry cough for about a week
At age 54 failed my bone density had lost 20% of my bone mass in One year. I Participated in two blind studies and increase calcium an d intake.At end of studies found I had the placebos but had some positive results but not enough. Had my first Reclast yearly infusion 2012 no side effects and regained 10% of lost bone at bone scan.  Had second yearly infusion this past October again no side effects hoping for another positive scan in May.
I have tried several medications for chronic fatigue syndrome and nothing seems to help more than an hour or two. Vyvanse is a wonderful medication for chronic daytime sleepiness and fatigue. I could not believe the amount of work I was able to get done. It does not make you feel &quot;drugged&quot; like other medications do. I felt like my old self again, before the days of CFS.
I have been on Viibryd for 2 days now and the only side effect that I have had is a lot of gas and had to use the bathroom about 10 times but it was not diarrhea. I am on 10mg for 6 days and then will go to 20mg. I felt a little tingling sensation in my head after I initially took it. But so far so good. I am also on other medicines Latuda, Cogentin, Propranolol and Ativan. No trouble sleeping last night. Actually I just fell right asleep but woke up at 6am and felt very rested. 
I 've been on this form of birth control for about two years. I couldn 't be happier with it. In the beginning I would have extremely light periods every couple months. But now I haven 't had a period in several months. I believe I had some mood swings for a few weeks in the beginning. I have acne here and there but I don 't know if that 's from the Nexplanon or not. My sister is also on this birth control and she loves it as well. She said she had extreme mood swings in the beginning but then they leveled out as well.
For years I dealt with acne on my face, chest, and back.. I was so insecure, I hated taking close up pictures, I hated wearing clothes that showed my back or chest. It just sucked. My dermatologist prescribed me to Accutane and within two weeks I seen a major difference. I will say, it gets worse before it gets better because it brings all your bumps to a head. But once your pores are dried out, your bumps will be gone. My lips got really dry fast so I had to apply chapstick constantly throughout my day. That was two years ago, i get a bump every now and then like normal people. But my skin is clear. Accutane changed my life :)
I have tried everything, from home remedies to over the counter cold sore treatments. Well, my doctor prescribed Zovirax and since then I have been nothing but thankful. The first sign, apply the ointment. It wont make the cold sore go away immediately but by the 2nd day its dried up and within 4 days its gone. I love Zovirax.
It works...or at least is working so far. I put it on last night and it burned and itched but so worth it.  It was hard using it with the top they give you for your underarms but I noticed if you tip bottle upside down couple min before you use it, it will soak top and makes it a little easier.  I have not sweat at all today.  I put on last night washed it off in shower and applied thin layer of my deodorant on.  I have changed into shirts I know I sweat bad in and it is very noticeable but not today.  I have been walking around in front of my husband saying do you see sweat....and NO he doesn 't.  I asked different doctors couple of years ago and they said there is nothing we can do but my new doctor prescribed to me.  Thank you
I have been on Tri-Sprintec for about 4 years and overall would recommend it to anyone. I have had some moodiness and  'depression ' but only certain times of the month, and nothing I can 't deal with since I know it 's not REAL depression and it doesn 't last long. The worst thing about it is occasional nausea. I think taking my pill right before sleeping is the best, and that way I am only nauseated if I wake up really early. I consider these side effects minor after some of my friends experiences of switching pills and all kinds of worse problems.
Wow, I feel normal again.  I had been living on 5 hours of sleep due to sleep apnea fears for years. I got tested and was given a CPAP machine.  I felt great for about a month, then tired.  I started sleeping 9  hours a day and drinking tons of coffee and soft drinks.  Nothing helped.  I went to my regular MD and all blood work was good.  Was told to start working out.  Problem was I was too tired.  I went back to sleep. MD gave me Nuvigil.  Like I said WOW.  I did have a few rough days when I started talking the 250mg pills, but it was nice to stay awake and have a life.  Side effects (headaches and dry mouth) are going away.
I first took celexa but due to  bad hot flashes due to hormonal therapy for cancer, Celexa didn 't really work for hot flashes but it did for anxiety it. With Venlafaxine there was no side effects I felt good from the day one, then upped the dosage to 150mg. Hot flashes are better, panicky feeling is there but it keeps it controlled. It 's my 3rd week so I hope to get better as time goes by. I am 35
The 1st 2 weeks of being on Apri, my appetite increased. I was hungry all the time. But after the 2 weeks my appetite went back to normal. I gained maybe 5 lbs. I didn 't get any acne. My periods have always been heavy and I went on birth control for them to get lighter but this pill did nothing. My periods were still heavy and I got bad cramps. It did what its supposed to do and that was prevent pregnancy. I liked Apri overall.
I was suffering from bipolar for 10 months. After taking many medicines i was on divalproex 500 mg for 3 years and lamotrigine 150mg for 2 years.  I was able to handle stress and forget that i have any depression. My dosage for both was kept to lowest 250 mg for divalproex and 50 mg for lamotrigine. But on this stage after having stress my symptoms reuccured but was not severe as before. I will have too increase the dose again.
I was given Dilaudid while being treated in the hospital for gastritis/esophogeal pain.  The pain was very severe and my blood pressure rose to over 200/100.  Within 30 seconds of the Dilaudid being inserted into my I.V., the pain in my sternum was gone and I was relaxed and sleepy. (After the first &quot;Whoooosh&quot; head rush).  Although I could have it every 2 hours, after the first 2 doses, the pain relief lasted 4-6 hours.  Most effective, and I reacted to it better than I had done in previous hospitalizations when receiving morphine.  
I 'm 17 and I have suffered from excessive underarm sweating for many years. Whenever I would get ready for school, I 'd have to determine if the sweat would be noticeable on my top. Black tops and layering were the easiest options, but I was jealous of the people who could wear anything. At one school dance, I wore a strapless pink dress, at the sweat marks were visible in all the pictures. Completely mortifying. I tried pretty much every deodorant out there. Clinical strength, all different brands, but nothing was effective (some made me even sweat more). Hypercare has been a huge help in my life. I usually have the itching/stinging/burning feeling when I am trying to go to sleep, but honestly it 's worth it, because it truly works.
I had unprotected sex BUT he pulled out! I was still worried and took plan be the next day. I was getting cramps but no period. My period was 15 days late. My period finally came and yes it was heavy and more cramping this time. Please ladies be more careful it sucks to be in a worrying position. I finally got back on birth control. Please ladies handle your business and do what you have to do to prevent from worrying. This is NOT A good feeling. Its stressful! I personally do not rely on condoms because I 've experience them breaking. Condoms + Birth control is your best BET!
For fifteen years I only slept 2 to 4 hours each night.  I tried many medications and could not even sleep with barbiturates.  I have been taking Doxepin now for ten years and sleep 7-8 hours each night.  I take a high dose of 150mg.  The downside is constipation and some dizziness.  A worthwhile trade off.
Yes, there are side effects, as with all medications.  However, the benefits of taking Cymbalta outweigh the negative side-effects by far.  This drug has been a life-saver for me.  It is the best anti-depressant I have been on.  I would rather sweat a little more and sleep a little less, than suffer from the debilitating effects of depression.
I 've been using Epiduo for a couple of months now it 's cleared my skin completely I couldn 't be happier! In the first week I had red spotting on my face and tingling when applied but whatever you do, don 't over do it, use a pea size and use it on only the effected areas!  People that write negative comments about the burning and the irritation, read the instructions it does inform you that they are common side effects! It strips your skin (due to the dry skin and flaking) and as for the people that are breaking out on it don 't loose hope, gels like Epiduo will bring up the bad stuff only to make it better. As for the people asking if it bleaches just make sure it 's massaged in and dry because you go putting your head on your pillow.
My skin is extremely oily, sensitive and I 've been breaking out non-stop since the age of 16 (I am now 20). Because of my sensitivity aczone has been really amazing because it is not drying as many other prescriptions are and I like that I was able to start using it twice a day every day from day one (with many other prescriptions I have to slowly add it every other day to my regimen). I have noticed fabulous improvements in my skin. I still break out on occasion but as long as I stick to this regularly my break outs clear up far quicker than before use. It should be noted that I have been using this in conjunction with Tazorac .1. I also love that it doesn 't bleach clothing or anything, which I used to hate in many other products.
Had ophorectomy 8 years ago. On second week started to have terrible hot flashes, couldn 't sleep any more.  Doctor started me on all you can name before trying Premarin. Since Premarin got my life back. Several times again Doctor tried to decrease the dose and ween it, in order to complete stop. I went into deep depression crying all the time and back to nightmare again. So thanks to Premarin I 'm a normal human being again. As a floor nurse on a cardiac floor have talked to several ladies in their seventies that still taking Premarin daily.  My actual dose for years has being 0.65 mg daily.
I 've had hyperhidrosis since middle school. It was my armpits. They sweat something awful. It could 've been 3 degrees outside and I looked like I just ran a 20 mile marathon. I was prescribed drysol and didn 't read the directions. So I just went home and put it on. It made my armpits extremely itchy and red also burned. So I figured it dosen 't work.... It sat on a shelf for years while I struggled with hyperhidrosis. Then one day I decided to try it out again and got a new prescription for it. I followed the directions and didn 't shave before use and put it on before I went to bed. Also didn 't wear deodorant the following day. I stop sweating, it was a miracle. I was mad at myself that I had the cure sitting right there the whole time.
This medication helped me sleep a full night. It works about the same as Restoril, but maybe with a little more morning hang-over.
So I was reading all these reviews about the insertion of Skyla and totally freaked me out but everyone is different. I was on a generic version of Seasonique.  I wanted to have a less hormonal birth control and my GYN recommended Skyla. I had a friend come up with me just in case I needed to have someone drive me home. I took the 800mg of ibuprofen 30 minutes like recommended. She got everything ready while I laid there. I could barely feel her inserting it. She did tell me she does them all day and maybe that 's why it was with easy. She also said I picked the right one bc my cervix wouldn 't dilate pass a 5, which the Mirena or the copper iud. I had very light cramping couple days and then a 5 day period.
Taken for 2 months. Love it over Coumadin. Extreme nausea if not taken with lots of water and food. I 've had 2 nose-bleeds that worried me. Highly recommend Pradaxa.
Been on Saphris for almost a year.  Have tried almost all of the others except for Latuda.  My experience is that I have had the best dreams and put on the least amount of weight on this medicine.  Also, not nearly as drowsy.
Honestly I was pretty scared taking this medicine after reading these reviews, but I took it and did not have one problem what so ever, also cleared my UTI right up ! Started off taking bacterium and had The WORST side effects, headache, dizziness, my body tingled, super bad headaches so they switched me to macrobid for 5 days and had no problems, ate with a healthy meal ever time I took it and drank lots of water throughout the day. Everyone is different, so I guess I found the one that works best for me!
I am on a tramadol dosage of 150-200mg a day for abdominal pain. Been taking it for 2 months now. Little did I know this drug is also an antidepressant. I feel absolutely great when taking it. It doesn 't give you the same &quot;buzzed feel&quot; as a vicodin or percocet, however it puts you in a fantastic mood, relaxes you, and also works nicely on the pain without making you feel groggy or tired. There are some dangers associated with the drug such as seizures, so please only take under the supervision of a doctor you trust. They will know if tramadol is safe for you to take.
Had my Paragard for 10 years and loved it! My periods did become heavier for the last two years, but only for a day or two. Insertion was painful, but my children were born via c-section, so that made a difference. The last six months I was diagnosed with anemia, believed to be due to the heavy menstrual bleeding. Since I had to have it removed anyway I decide to try the Mirena. Insertion was better with cervix softening meds. But within a few days I began having panics attacks, nausea, loss of appetite, severe dizziness, sharp pains in my abdominal, head, and chest. Immediately had the Mirena removed and symptoms improved. Going to give the pill a try even though I 've never tolerated hormones well. Consult for tubal planned in four months.
I 'm a 43yr. old female started at 202lb 5 '3&quot; on March 12. I have almost completed week 7 and I 'm at 177lb. All the side effects are gone except occasional nausea when I don 't eat or drink enough. I haven 't exercised at all but my normal daily activities have increased naturally with the added energy from Contrave. I 've slipped and ate foods outside my diet plan but Contrave has stopped me from over indulging in them.
At 31 years of age and a smoker since I was 13, I didn 't think there was hope for me. The habit slowly caught up to me and I found myself a pack a day smoker for over the last 10 years. Smoking when I was happy, sad, angry, it was a constant companion for so long and I honestly thought I 'd die of COPD on oxygen, begging for that last smoke. Chantix truly changed all of that. It completely eliminated the physical craving, leaving the rest up to me. How bad do I want it? I 'm over a week deep. This is longest I 've went in 17 years without a smoke. I owe my life to Chantix. I had some initial nausea and wild dreams, irritable...but I 'm smoke free. I can beat this. YOU can beat this. Good luck!
Date: 07-08-2016...Re Valium: I have been taking Valium for the past three years as I suffer from Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I very seldom take Valium. Like, 4 mg a week or 4 mg twice a week or I can go a month without taking it.  It is very subtle, it will start working after 20 minutes which has been my experience.  Valium does melt my anxiety and panicky feelings away even at 4 mg. After taking it, I would feel like my old self.  I tried to score it by 2 mg; however, it is not effective.  I think those who try it the first time should go 4 mg or 5 mg. I am also taking an SSRI for my anxiety condition.  SSRI is not perfect. Some days are tough so I tough it out by not taking a Valium. If you don 't abuse it, you can take it for life.
I 've had a bad back for over 50 years.  I never lost much work, but as I 've gotten older my pain has increased.  I was prescribed Norco (180 Tabs per month) for pain in 2005, and in 2009 Valium (120/10mg per month) for increased pain.  I took the medicines reverently, with no noticeable side effects.  I could work on our 5 acres and sleep.  In Oct, 2014, my doctor stopped the valium, citing abuse by youngsters with the 2 medicines.  I 'm 71 and have never abused them.  The pain specialist cut my Norco to 120 tabs per month.  Now I 'm in more pain and don 't sleep well.  I 'm trying to make them see that The only thing I 'm addicted to is being out of pain, and give me my meds back. Please
I have had really good results with this medicine and no adverse side effects. I had not had to take it for about 5 years, but was recently asked by my M.D. to go back on it. I am going to have to decline due to the huge difference in the cost of it now! For a 90 day supply, it is now $285.00 even with my prescription insurance. I am on a fixed income &amp; absolutely cannot afford this! 
I 've only been using Brintellix for 1 week but I am very pleased! After trying nearly everything out there with little to no benefit, and many many side effects - the first week on Brintellix has made me very hopeful that it continues to work!!
I got my Nexplanon inserted in the month of Janaury 2015, and it was very painful. I had my period for probably a month and spotting a little for 2 weeks. I don 't think I had any emotional changes, i was pretty much myself. But so far my Nexplanon has done wonders. I have not had a period or any spotting until today.
I have been taking this pill for 7 days due to some infection after abdominal hysterectomy surgery. Having light pain and bleeding first 2 days of taking it I feel dizzy and tired all the time . It really works after 3 days cleared up the infection and bleeding.
I love it! I 'm too forgetful for the pill. I actually all together stopped getting my period. I had a regular period prior to getting it, but due to my daily medication, the side effect was no period. I do still get the mild cramps, aches and pains....but I really can 't Complain. Downside....I 've gained 35 pounds. I 've had it for 3 years in Dec. Other than that it is wonderful!!!!!!!
I am 59 and postmenopausal. Started using the Estrace cream yesterday. I have other health issues (Licken sclerosis) which are bothersome. The cream almost instantly increased my libido and relieved the dryness. I am prescribed 1/2 gram intravaginally once to twice weekly. I hope it continues to help my condition.
Great product. Put me on sleep very fast.
I have a different, but good experience with Norabe. I used to be on Mirena and had great results with my cycle, moods, energy, sex drive, but the side effects were so bad I had to get it removed (constantly felt it poking, constipation, motion sickness), so after spending 5 years with hormonal imbalance after getting it removed (bad PMS, fatigue, low libido, no energy), I finally went into the doctor and told her I wanted to be on the same hormone, without the IUD. I can 't be on estrogen. I go nuts.I 've been on this for 2 months and of course all doctors recommend 3 months, and I will wait! Now my libido is going strong, my energy levels are up, and I really feel great. My PMS is not as bad, either. Hormonally, it 's working!
I have spent 18 years trying to find a medication for depression without sex side effects and weight gain side effects. I didn 't expect this to work for this but I am actually happy, stable and don 't even need my ADHD medicine. It made me nauseous when I started taking it, so I stopped for a few days and started again. It seemed to help. After about 3 weeks I was like I used to be before kids, calm, I had focus and felt happy. My family noticed too. Before this I took generic Wellbutrin which was terrible. (I even let the FDA know that the generic version was not the same as name brand )   It made me aBit irritable after taking it for aWhile so I was prescribed Lexapro to counteract the side effect. This has changed my life.
I started Vivitrol in January 2015 after getting an OUI Drugs &amp; a heroin posession charge b/c knew I needed to stop using, but I didn 't really want to. Between January and April I got my monthly shot but I still tried to use every now and then (but I couldn 't get high). My insurance was cancled in May so I took the opportunity to get high. I ended up getting another OUI &amp; spent a month in jail till my next court date. I went straight from court to my doctors office to get an injection and I 've gotten 1 every 28 days since (07/15 - 07/16).I 'm not sure how Vivitrol effected my cravings because my first time on it, the thought of giving up heroin was devastating to me. Now I can 't believe how much time I wasted getting high.LOVE VIVITROL!!
I guess I should count myself fortunate. I 've been on a 25 mg daily dose of HCTZ for a little over a week and have had none of the side effects that others have commented here. It has however been very effective in bringing my BP down from an average of 160/90 to about 135/75. I feel great!
This medicine is great for anxiety, but within first month noticed weight gain and has increased significantly over past 10 years, cannot seem to lose weight only lost 5 pounds on extreme diet/exercise.
I 'm male, 59, suffer from anxiety and panic attacks. It took a month for this medicine to kick in.  STICK WITH IT. I sweated like anything at night for the first 3 weeks but that stopped. I wake up briefly at 3:00 or 4:00 am (A side effect) BUT it is totally worth it. Previously I had knots, big suckers, in my stomach for nearly a year. I used to worry and then look for things to worry about and then initiate my flow chart of worry. No more. A positive side effect is Lexapro. Can also impact/stop obsessive compulsive disorder behaviors too (like counting this and counting that) I also was under-weight forever and have gained weight. A negative is a diminished ability to ejaculate - but again -so what.
I have had the best experience of birth control on this pill. The usual side effects for me on birth control is weight gain, moody, no energy, and spotting. I have not experienced any of these side effects on microgestin fe 1.5/30. I cannot give it 10 stars due to that I am not as interested in having sex as I was before taking the pill, which brought me down to a normal married person 's sex life really. It has actually made husband happy on that (guys don 't want to have sex all the time it turns out). Note on acne- no affect.Things to consider: I am 24, I exercise, and I am a Nurse, so I am constantly on my feet.
After years of struggling with my weight after developing hypothyroidism my family physician sent me to an endocronologist.  After keeping a food diary for a month and tracking my exercise levels my endo studied both the food diary and exercise patterns and completely understood my frustration on why my weight wouldn 't budge no matter what I did.  He thought why not lets try Victoza and see what happen.  At my first 3 month follow up I had dropped 29 pounds, and although the weight is coming off tougher now I will be going in for my 9 month follow up soon and altogether have lost a total of 40 pounds.  I highly recommend giving this medication a try if you have struggled with your weight at all.
It is magic
This was heavennnnnnn... i was very sick on my chest. Two doses and i feel way better and also kinda drugged and dizzy but it is a relief. :)
I 've been getting cold sores since I was a baby! I 'd always use ice and Carmex and other over the counter medicines like Abreva. Even those made my cold sore keep growing for days before it scanned and gave me pain! When I was 17 I finally told my doctor I couldn 't handle these anymore because I was getting them about every 3 weeks so he gave me this in a low dose and now I take it as soon as I feel it coming and I never even get the cold sore! Since I started this medication I rarely get outbreaks anymore. In the occasion that my cold sore starts before I have the medication in hand I just take it ASAP and it heals within hours. No side effects for me! It also takes the pain away!
It was the only one that worked for my three year old until my insurance decided not to pay for it any longer. I try the generic one but it did not have the same effect on her skin so I have to cough up 240 for it but it is so worth my baby sleeping at night with out the itch and her skin looks great.
This could be an important medicine for those who don 't like taking medicines. I have chronic pain, and don 't sleep well for a few days, then just coma-sleep because I am so exhausted by about the third day. When I am out driving, I don 't like to take much more than ibuprofen until the evening, although the menu for me includes Vicodin, Dilaudid, Skelaxin, etc., as required. Have had 4 surgeries. My pain management doctor and I go round about pain medicines, and I know I wait too long to take it, but I think Nuvigil can be a great once in a while solution for when you wake up exhausted and have to be alert. I experienced no jitters or side effects, but was able to have a normal, productive day. No trouble sleeping and having some choice about my day. Priceless!
I 'm writing this review to the girls that are exactly like me, reading everything possible about Plan B, worrying myself sick searching about all the possibilities of pregnancy, etc. On July 6th I took Plan B. And let me tell you I was worried I 'm only 16 and I definitely can 't handle a baby. On the 11th I got what I thought was my period, regular flow, lasted 4 days but then I kept reading about breakthrough bleeding so that made me worry even more since there was still a possibility of pregnancy. I would keep reading about breakthrough bleeding and how I should get my period around my regular time more than likely a week later. Well I usually get my period on the 25th and yesterday the 29th I finally got it! So breathe everything will be fine.
I had an extremely high viral load and was forced to initially take a different medication to get this number under control (if over 100,000 you are not supposed to take Complera). This initial once-a-day medication made my life hell for the side-effects were a nightmare, but it did its job. Once I was under 100,000 I switched over to Complera and have had NO SIDE EFFECTS! And most importantly, my viral load has remained undetectable while my CD4 count has increased and my immune system has definitely gotten stronger.  Obviously, since this medicine was just approved by the FDA the long term side effects are still unknown, but compared to the hell I was going through and how wonderful things have gotten I am willing to take my chances.
I am 29 and I have never been in birth control before. I was recommended to this pill and it has been a wonderful experience. At first, I was scared because of all the stories you hear about mood swings and weight gain, but I have not experienced either. My weight is the same, my mood hasn 't change. I barely get my period, if any. No ACNE! My sexual drive is very high, and I haven 't felt any side effects. I am happy with this pill. Even if my insurance doesn 't cover, it 's worth it!
I 'm 19 years old, 105lbs, and I 've never been pregnant. I had skyla inserted about 4 days ago and so far it 's absolutely amazing and worth it. I was looking for a birth control that was long term, easily reversible, effective, and something that I didn 't have to worry about every single day. After lots of research an IUD fitted all of the requirements. My doctor recommended skyla because it was a smaller IUD with hormones. The insertion was kinda painful and uncomfortable but not anything that I couldn 't handle. The pain just felt like intense menstrual cramps. The symptoms I experienced after were mild cramping a few hours after insertion, light bleeding for about a day, and nausea a couple days later. Overall I am so glad I chose skyla!
Daytrana works the best out of everything we 've tried for my 10yr old son.  However, it is absolutely RIDICULOUS that this drug has been nearly impossible to find for nearly a year! Have been told for the past 6 months that the problem will be solved &quot;in the 3rd quarter of the year&quot;.  It 's now October, and it 's still nearly impossible to get.  Every month, I spend at least a week or more trying to track it down (yes, I use their pharmacy locator service--with mixed results.  They 're staff doesn 't always seem to try very hard).  They are jeopardizing patient care, for reasons that I can 't fathom.  We pay $267/box out of pocket.  How hard is it to make more?
Aubra was my every first birth control and I loved it ! My 1st week of taking Aubra I experienced some cramping and it made me cry. But after about 2 weeks everything was normal. My periods were normal. It helped with acne. No bad symptoms or anything. I am currently on Lutera and I hate it. I will be talking to my doctor about switching me back to Aubra.
After losing 80 pounds in 1 year by walking EVERY SINGLE DAY for 45 minutes then increasing to 1 hr plus, I was unable to lose any more weight. Weight was stable for 5 yrs via 1 to 2 hrs Cardio and Weight Training 4 times a week, and constant vigil of quality and quantity of food. I am hypothyroid, but not diabetic. After much wailing and gnashing of teeth for SOME HELP on losing these last 25 or 30 lbs, my wonderful doctor put me on Victoza 2 days before Thanksgiving. I AM GIVING JOYFUL THANKS. I do not even think about food-- have ZERO hunger or cravings! For me, this is a miracle!
I have tried most of the mainline anti-nausea medications and they either did not work or I had reactions to them. I had a very experienced nurse who suggested giving Tigan a try and since then I have been taking it as needed for over four years to help with pain related nausea. It works much better if I stay ahead of the nausea and don 't let it get out of control before I treat.
June 20 2017 I walked in back of my fence area, where deer travel for 2 minutes, 3 days later had a pimple looking rash on back of left arm. I thought is was an acne pimple or mosquito bite. Started to feel fatigue, pain up and down my spine, brain fog, headache, night sweats. I thought it could be the flu, lucky for me a big red rash showed up 2 days later, so I went to my primary doctor. He tested me for lymes and it was positive. The worst system for me was the pain up and down my spine especially at night and before I woke up, the heavy nights sweats were worrying also. I have read tons of articles on Lymes and hope this can help others. I am in my 50s and in pretty good health, not over weight and exercise 1 to 2 days per week. I have never had any other health issues. The doctor prescribed doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for 30 days. Started to feel normal 2-3 days after started taking. I had no major side effects. After and during the 30 days I felt that I had killed the disease. Two months later out of nowhere my spine started to hurt again and night sweats etc came back. I waited 4 or 5 days to see if it was going to go away, but no suck luck. Went back to primary doctor, he thought I should try amoxicillin 500 mg orally three times daily for 21 days. Started taking it but the results were very different then Doxycycline. The whole 21 days plus 5 more days after I stopped having pain in my spine and no more night sweats, but my whole body felt like it was trying to fight off something and my arms felt like they had mild pins and needles in them for the full 26 days. I thought maybe that meant it was working, so I suffered through. After the 26 days I still wasn 't feeling right , major bad symptoms were gone but still had brain fog and fatigue. Went to Infectious Disease/ Lyme Dr. told my story asked a lot of questions. He recommended I go back on Doxycycline 100 mg orally twice daily for 60 days and that should be it. I started taking it again November 6th all problem systems are gone and I 'm feeling normal again. I also truly believe that exercise with machines or weights and 30 minutes or aerobics along with steam or sauna help a lot, heavy blood circulations gets you immune system to work better and gets the toxins out in my opinion. Lets hope I don 't get the lyme systems back again after the 60 days. Good luck to all who come down with this terrible disease.
Where has this drug been my entire life?  I had rectal surgery and used Toradol for the post-op pain.  Wonderful!!  Got rid of the pain and no narcotic effect.  Was clear-headed and could function.  No side-effects for me.
It works awesome. If you have problems with this medicine it is probably due to being allergic to it, so stop taking it.
The idea of taking it is worse than actually taking it. Used Moviprep in split dosing (4pm then 2 am) to prepare for colonoscopy this morning.  The reviews here helped, so thanks! I followed the suggestion to add crystal light to the mix and it worked great. I recommend 3 lemonade packets for each litre. Drinking the mixture cold in a covered cup with a straw worked well. I didn 't find it to be nearly as unpleasant as some of the other reviewers. I ate broth based soups 2 days out and had only clear liquids the day before the procedure when I started taking the mixture. It started working about 1.5 hours after my first sip.
Is providing some relief from hallucinations on 6mg day - also helps bipolar ups and downs. I do have some side effects though.
I used Ritalin for many years before realizing it had little or no effect on me. I think the placebo effect applied not only to me, but also to my parents and teachers. Upon finding out that it 's quite common for some patients to have their medication switched 2-3 times before finding one that works, I decided to try Adderall (which worked amazingly, but gave me insomnia), Concerta (which didn 't work on me, since it 's basically the same as Ritalin), and finally settled on Dexedrine, which I don 't know how I ever lived without. Of all the ADD medications I tried, it was head and shoulders above the rest as far as effectiveness AND had the fewest side effects (which were barely noticeable and disappeared after a couple weeks).
I took 1 Treximet pill in Jan. of 2012 and a 1/2 the following day. My migraines almost faded away for the last year. Throughout the 2012 year I still had small achey headaches, but nothing like before I put Treximet in my system. It is now a year later and I had my first migraine last week. I still have the same prescription from last year, so I don 't have to buy anymore. I cut my caffeine to almost nothing and lots of natural sunlight. My headaches are fading out but I am going to take my yearly pill. I think this pill is worth every penny. Take this pill and find something to keep you busy.
I have been talking amitriptyaline for migraine prevention for the past year and it has completely improved the quality of my life! 
2 day on med &amp; I can breathe again. Very happy.
I have been on Zoloft, Wellbutrin, and Celexa. Struggling with depression for years, but Viibryd really has been the &quot;panacea&quot;. It manages all of my symptoms and gives me energy like none of the other medications could. It 's definitely different from other antidepressants and for some who experience some difficult startup syndrome, PLEASE stick with it for a few weeks. I 've heard of a lot of people who had a difficult startup with this medication and the switch was just flipped one day out of the blue. Viibryd really is an improvement from other antidepressants and I encourage all to give it a try.
I 've been suffering with severe muscle spasms in neck, back, chest and shoulder since a whiplash incident 1-1/2 years ago.  Other medicines previously prescribed include Soma and Flexeril, but results were insubstantial. I received substantial relief the first time I used Zanaflex and finally feel like I might be able to learn to live with this condition.
No side effects. Worked wonders.
I tried all drug for GERD like pantoperazole , omprezole , lansoperzole ,ranitidine but get 50% relief.  I just used esomprezole 40 mg and got me 100% relief. Life saver. I am very happy find this.
I haven 't smoked a cigarette in 10 days. I quit on my 7th day of taking chantix. On the 8th day, I woke up and did my normal routine then thought I need to smoke. However, it passed quickly and I didn 't crave one. I kept one cigarette accessible in case I freaked out but threw it out 2 days ago. :) It has been 10 days and I 'm fine! I smoked for 15 years. In the end, I was a &quot;light smoker&quot; about 5/6 a day but in 10 days I 've saved my body from 60 cigs! The side effects are feeling foggy, thirsty, dreams and must eat before pill. It 's all worth it to me. It keeps you calm and not craving. It has worked.
I had no side affects at all, and It really did it 's job. I got my period one day early and am so happy to see it. I had a mishap about a week ago and rushed to the store to buy this I took it approx. 3 hours afterwards. Works great best money spent.
I must be dreaming...  This is only my second day on Levorphanol.  The relief is amazing!!!  I have CRPS, horrible neuropathy and burns on my leg and foot.  I had the tips of four toes amputated.  I have been in bed for three years.  This may be the miracle I 've been looking for!!!
Excellent results, but without insurance it cost about 275.00 a bottle (too expensive).
Nexplanon has been good to me. I 've been on it for almost 2 years. When I first got it, I spotted for about a month and a half and then I completely stopped getting a period since then. Also the first couple of months I was very moody. I have lost some weight. But other than that I love it, and sex life is great and haven 't had any pregnancy scares
I had to search to find a doctor willing to prescribe this because it is excepted from most malpractice insurance policies and the doctors are afraid they might get sued if something bad happens. So much better than Adderall which is a joke and it 's cheaper. No side effects for me either going on or off the medicine but my ability to concentrate again is amazing.
Took one tablet - like any sensible person trying something new - at night time and woke up needing the toilet. Went. All good. Do not understand the hysterical reviews on here..
I have been on this medication for one week, I have mild jaw pain and a bit dizzy but I will take that over the madness I felt a week ago. Suicidal, anxious, crying needless to say I was a mess! I still have a few intrusive thoughts but this is one week and I am grateful I went through 3 medications before finding this one and I am glad to say the least I can get back to being a mother and wife.
I have been on Cymbalta 60mg for chronic abdominal pain for 3 years. It has been a life saver for me and dropped my narcotic use (hydrocodone) down to a 30 day prescription lasting me a year.  I did notice earlier this year more pain and with that more of the narcotic need and depression.  My Dr. raised me up to 90mg (one 60mg and a 30mg) and I haven 't had need of the hydrocodone for 3 months.  I 'm very satisfied.
I have suffered from depression for a long time, but never believed it. I always said &quot;It 's a rough patch, I 'll come out of it soon&quot; ..8 years on, I was down and out and suicidal. My Dr. recommended Zoloft. I was skeptical and afraid of playing with my emotions. I thought depressed was just &quot;Me&quot;. But I gave it a go, after 3.5 weeks, the most wonderful thing has happened. I feel NORMAL. I can cope with my day, I am hopeful about the future. There were side effects for the first week, I took my pill at night which helped and kept up the exercise, they passed. If I can give any advice it 's don 't be afraid to take control of your body and don 't feel guilty if you decide to try medicines, listen to your Dr. You deserve to be happy.
I 've been on prozac for a few years now. I stopped taking it in mid December just restarted today anxiety and stress are tuff to deal with let alone with out this medicine.
In the past I used the prescription strength orlistat 120mg and I lost 45-50 pounds, short term, I also used portion control, exercised daily and felt the side affects if I ate something I shouldn 't have. Years later Alli was on the shelf after I went to the Dr in need of help to lose the pesky 10-20 pounds and my Dr told me to use alli but double the dose and it is equivalent to prescription strength. So far I am down 6 pounds in 1 1/2 weeks. Alli is only a temporary kickstart to any weight loss plan and is not intended for long term use. It has worked for me. The right way is to get up and move and know your portions and drink plenty of water!!
I am 31 yo fem 5 '6, 115 lbs. Prozac helps w/ anxiety but not insomnia. Dr prescribed Traz, start 50mg for few wks, move to 100mg if needed. Last night was 1st 50mg dose. In 30min I was very relaxed &amp; slept really well. Woke up w/ a bad head ache but it 's gone now. I believe this Rx will work &amp; will try 25mg for a few nights as body adjusts. For Ambien users, beware that your body isn 't only adjusting to new Rx but also you are having withdrawals which can cause sickness, nightmares, sweat, nausea, etc. Maybe slowly reduce Ambien and then try Traz. Just a suggestion, everybody is different &amp; reacts differently. Very good sleep, little s/e that should lessen over the next wk of use. I have tried natural remedies over several years w/ no help.
I 've been living with lower pain for the better part of 10 years now and almost all pain medications have been ineffective for me. I 've been on Darvon (until it was removed from the market,) Vicodin and Tramadol. All providing limited amounts of relief. Recently my doctor decided to prescribe Nucynta IR 75 mg. From the first week taking Nucynta, my quality of life has improved tremendously. I 've been able to resume moderate sports activity and it 's dropped my PDI from an 8 to a 2. For me that 's a huge improvement.
I wish I wouldn 't have waited so long to start Celexa.  I am actually enjoying life now, have a sense of humor, and am not filled with worst case scenario thoughts all the time.  I would highly recommend it.  Some side effects at first, all have subsided.
Have been on lamitrogine for only about 2 weeks for PTSD, anxiety and bipolar. I take the credit for suggesting it to my doctor...he gets credit for agreeing to prescribe. I actually feel almost  'normal ' for the first time since my first major traumatic experience 28 years ago. My flight/freeze response seems to have just quietly gone away...that 's how it feels. I really thought that nothing could ever make this automated-response with fearful flashbacks go away. It has.Nothing else ever worked for me, and my doctors notes record a  'paradoxical effect ' of almost every other drug....and I 've tried most of them!This drug is my lifesaver. No side effects at all!
This pill was AMAZING. I was on it for three months, no spotting or breakthrough bleeding even if I forgot my pill, I gained a little weight the first month but it was only about 2 lbs and dropped it by next month. I was underweight so it didn 't bother me, I didn 't break out, my mood overall improved, no or very little cramps, nothing some Midol couldn 't fix. Which was why I went on the pill in the first place. My period came the same time every month and I went up about 1 cup size. The only reason I switched was because my mood swings on the placebo week were ridiculous but that 's how I was before the pill so I don 't think Kariva made me like that. Great pill, I highly recommend it!
As per procedure, before a hospital stay for a knee replacement I had to have my nose swabbed.  Prior to this I had a scab in my nose that hurt so I had been using Bactroban on it.  When I went for my surgery everyone was gowning up before they came into my room because apparently my nose swab results came back positive for MRSA, and the Bactroban was detected as well.  I was told Bactroban was the right medicine to use for the infection and actually by the time of my surgery my nose was already healed.
I 'm 19 and have taken this 3 times in the span of 1 year and its worked like a charm every time. I recently took it last week because I had unprotected sex and the guy came in me all the way and  after I found out that I might have been ovulating. I took the pill maybe 3/4 hours later. I got my period yesterday and I could not be happier! I was so worried thinking about it and googling endless possibilities of pregnancies 24/7 but seriously don 't even stress it. Plan B has worked for me every time!
Long story kinda short! My knee swelled up where I couldn 't even bend it. My mom gave me a tube of her gel. It worked right away when I applied it. Great stuff. Here 's the best part though. I have a bulge in my lower back. I have meloxacam but I don 't take it regularly because I feel that it don 't help any. So one day my back is as hurting really bad so I decided to apply the gel. Glad I did because wow! It works amazing! They should most definitely test it on the back. I know surgery will be the only thing for permanent relief but I 'm only 31 and one can 't afford it and two it 's not guarantee it would work and  could make my problem worse. Next time I go to my doctor I will be asking for my own prescription.
My doctor switched me to Viibryd due to the weight gain on Lexapro, telling me Viibryd was supposed to be considered &quot;weight neutral&quot;. I started off the first couple of months with a 20mg dose and it was a little effective, but my anxiety that the Lexapro was so effective in dealing with was back.Last month my dosage was increased to 40mg and so far it is working well. No depression nor anxiety on this dose. Additionally, my sex drive is back and other sexual side effects are gone. However, I gotta say...it causes me upset stomach pretty often as well as diarrhea.
I 've used this product on several occasions-on all kinds of lower extremity ulcers.  It works wonderfully!  I have really been impressed with this product and how quickly it works.
I am 52 years old, 5 '5 and weighed 183 pounds.  Keeping my old eating habits and staying sedentary expecting this med to work netted a 5 lb loss over 3 months.  So I quit.  I restarted after a 6 month break with a new food &amp; exercise plan.  My weight is falling off this time!  My learning is that this med is exponentially more effective if I take responsibility for getting off the sofa and spending more time &amp; money in the produce dept.   I 'm down 10 lbs in the first 2 weeks back on it. I 've found some great recipes for vegetables I never thought I 'd eat.  My appetite us suppressed enough that I 'm perfectly satisfied with a 5 oz steak instead of my normal 16 oz.  I recommend Belviq but only as a supplement to healthier eating and exercise.
I 've suffered from hyper hidrosis all my life and it 's was nearly unbareble and I got to the point where I didn 't want to go out because of it and hypercare saved me. Easy application and no pain or issues for me although I have noted many  other people have had these issues.
Taking the medicine 60mg (reducing by 5 mg per day over 1 week) worked until the dosage got down to 40 mg,  then the headaches came back and the medicine was not effective at all.I am now on my second week of the same approach from my doctor and am writing this as at 04:00.  I woke up at 02:00 and have not been able to sleep since. But, only  'normal ' headaches so far.
I 'd been on Prozac for 5 years and its effects had started to wane. I was severely depressed with anxiety and extreme tiredness. I was going to bed at 7pm and had to drag myself out of bed. Everything felt completely overwhelming. I sat with the prescription for about a month. Some reviews I 'd read had me terrified. It got so bad I thought there was nothing left to lose. I decided to ensure I 'd never run out and I 'd take it at the same time every day. I had a migraine at the very beginning so drank more water and I am feeling great. The best part is increased energy. I feel like a normal person. This has been a lifesaver. Would recommend if you have debilitating fatigue.
I had a rheumatoid arthritis flare-up and hadn 't experienced relief in weeks.  I took Aleve which normally works, Mobic which worked a bit, Naproxen which didn 't work at all, and then Ultracet which worked wonders.  I finally experienced incredible joint relief and slept through the night.
I have battled with my weight my entire life. With that being said, after weighing in at 296 pounds on my doctors appointment almost 4 months ago, my doctor recommended Contrave. I read about the possible side effects but decided I needed to try this for me, my health and my 6 year old son. I did not experience ANY negative side effects.  The first month of being on Contrave I only lost 5 pounds. My second month I lost another 5 pounds. I must admit I was frustrated. My caloric intake had been reduced drastically. Then after the third refill, the weight started dropping off!!! I honestly I can 't wait to go to my doctors appointment this month. I weighed in today at 270. Portion control is so easy. Cravings are completely gone. I LOVE it!!
The first time my doctor suggested Voltaren cream. I have osteo in both knees, right ankle and my spine. After several tubes and no reduction of pain or swelling my doctor suggested Pennsaid . The difference was like day and night. Not only did it reduce the pain but the swelling in my ankle was also reduced. When I investigated both products I was shocked to find that only Pennsaid contains a delivery agent DMSO that Voltaren does not . So it seems the DMSO delivers directly into the joint while the Voltaren only stays on the skin. Bottom line I will never spend my money on anything else going forward ....Pennsaid works for me.
My boyfriend and I had sex on October 28th, it was both our first time. Well, the condom slipped and he finished in me so he rushed to the store and got plan b and I took it about 2-3 hours later. The thing is, my period was due on October 22nd and it never came, when we had sex my period was already a few days late. Well last week (2 weeks after plan b) I got a period, it was a bit lighter but the same length, maybe even a bit longer. Does this mean I am ok? I plan on taking a test anyways soon but I just need some input..
I was so scared to start this pill because of all the negative reviews, so glad I started anyways!  I had been on the Mirena for 5 years and didn 't want another so my Dr prescribed me these. First, they were free under my insurance. I have not gained ANY weight and have had zero side effects! Other then making sure to remember to take them, it has been a painless transition. Don 't be scared of the bad reviews, what works for some may not work for others! These have been great!
I 'm 23, never had kids, and decided to choose Skyla as my method of birth control after having issues keeping track of pills and not being consistent with the time of day I took them. The actual insertion itself was painful but it was over very quickly. I was given tramadol to take afterwards for a couple of days, but only needed it immediately afterwards, and went back to work the next day to a very physical job. After the first period post procedure my periods have significantly lightened, but other than that life 's been the same, my boyfriend has never felt the IUD, and overall I highly recommend Skyla!!
I 'm a 25yr old woman who is recovering from a hysterectomy and my psychiatrist prescribed Seroquel- 50mg at night to help me cope with my GAD before and after my hysterectomy. So far, it 's helped significantly with my GAD and PTSD. It is quite sedating but it 's nothing too intense. More so relaxing and definitely helpful since falling asleep was an issue. Now, I sleep through most nights! I 've read some reviews and some people have had terrible luck with this drug. My rule of thumb is always talk with your doctor and seriously weigh the side effects with your long term quality of life. Some drugs don 't always mix well with certain people but only you could know that and make that call. For me, this drug is worth its weight in gold!
I suffer from chronic persistent fibromyalgia. My life has been consumed with pain for 3 yrs. My Drs and I have tried Cymbalta, Lyrica, Savella, many pain medicines at many different mgs, muscle relaxers, Valium, I could go on and on with the list of medicines we 've tried just to give me some quality of life.Well last week my Dr wrote me a script for prednisone for an upper respiratory infection I 've been battling. I am here to tell you that I am on a treadmill now, I feel pain at maybe a 3, which for me a normal day was 6-10. I can handle a silly little 3. I 'm not saying this may be a permanent answer, I guess when I go back in a month I will discuss it. But even for a respite I highly advice it!
As I got older and 7 kids later my menstrual pain took a turn for the worst, I have severe cramping and fatigue this medication was never prescribed to me after being rushed to the emergency room numerous times. My husband was given this medication for back pain and I was in so much pain that I decided to try it. This medicine has saved my life. I will go get my own prescription!
Once I decided to really try to quit drinking, I believe the Campral was a big help as my cravings decreased quickly.  I had trouble taking 3 times a day because I would forget the mid day dosage so I take 3 in the morning and 3 in the evening.
I have a genetic condition called Venous Insufficiency, which doesn 't allow the blood &amp; fluid to be returned from my lower legs &amp; feet, so they swell and the skin can start to break down, which opens up the opportunity for infection.  Have been taking Furosemide 40mg 1x day for over a year now - it is the only thing that keeps me from being in the hospital all the time with infections that require IV antibiotics. The only side effects I 've noticed are the very frequent urination (not really a side effect, it 's what the drug is *supposed* to do, as it flushes fluids out of the body), and aching in my legs and feet as the fluid leaves - I can only assume that is caused by my body trying to push the fluid out.
The cost is the only reason I give it a 9 star instead of 10.I have been on Humira for about 2 months. The very next day after my first injection I could close my fingers for the first time in months, my knees bent better, and a knot on my hand disappeared. Talk about a surprise for me! I worry about long time effects of being on Humira but will figure that out later. I 'm also on methotrexate and prednisone. I have recently quit Plaquenil and Celebrex.
A salon manicure and next thing I know, I 'm on Jublia.  After 8 weeks, my fingernails are almost perfect again.  For me, it definitely works.  Maybe I 'm lucky.  I think catching on early to what was wrong with my nails helped, as I only waited a few weeks before seeking medication.  I use it every day.  Apply when I go to bed.  This allows it to dry and stay on for 8 hours while I sleep.
I was prescribed Periactin to help contain severe migraines and have found it very effective.  After taking two tablets a day for a week, I thought that maybe my migraines had been cured and stopped taking them- unfortunately, my headache came back within about 1 and a half days.  I am now taking regular doses again and have not had a single headache to complain of, however the increased appetite is an unfortunate side effect.
I 've had acne since about 6th grade when I was 11. I am now almost 18  and I am happy to say I have gotten almost completely rid of my acne. It 's amazing and it 's all thanks to epiduo seriously. I still have some acne scars and this medication did make my skin extremely dry for the first month or two but it was worth it. I had these little under skin bumps all over my cheeks and chin and now they 're completely gone. I 'm so happy I can now wear makeup around my guy friends and even crushes sometimes it 's crazy. My skin is not 100% clear but it 's sooooo much better!! I feel confident and I 'm glad I finally found the right medication for my skin and just know I have tried at least 20 different things !!
Azor has worked great for me, taking my blood pressure from 240/120 to 130/70. The only side effect I have found is that it leaves a metallic taste in my mouth at times. I can deal with that for the great work it does for my BP.
I have been on and off different birth controls for he past 6 years, including the mirena IUD, Nuva Ring, and other pills. The mirena made me lose weight and bigger boobs, but it also made me Crazy. Like a psychotic to my husband, and my acne was horrible. The Nuva Ring cleared up my face amazingly well, but made me gain weight like crazy, which in turn made me depressed. Some other pills I tried (can 't remember names because there were probably 3 different kinds) worsened my acne or made me have crazy mood swings. A year After having a baby my doctor put me on mononessa, and it 's the first time I have been happy with my birth control ever! My face is normally clear, weight is normal, mood swings low, periods normal to light.
I have been on Efferor XR for years to treat depression. I was on Premarin for a couple years following a hysterectomy but due to my family history and the stroke risks related to taking Premarin, I discontinued that medicine - only to experience hot flashes.  They weren 't half as bad as I expected until I had a few days lapse in taking my Effexor!  The frequency and intensity of my hot flashes increased extensively.  I was having the flashes anywhere from 30 to 60 minutes apart and they were ten times worse!  I had little sleep and even less patience!  Some may call it a coincidence, but I 'm certainly going to pick up my Effexor on time from this day forward!
I swapped to Zantac after Nexium, which did not work well for me.  Zantac has been great; not having any trouble sleeping, symptoms of reflux have gone, have my energy and concentration back.  So much better than Nexium, one third of the cost, and available without prescription.
Hello my name is Tori and I just started contrave (yes pricie but it is worth it if it helps!) and I 'm very hopefull on this I am very sad to say I weigh 328 and I 'm 19 about to be 20 this year I have struggled with a weight problem my whole life I have PCOS and I have Insulin Resistance.. And then have seen some great things about this medicine by reading what many of you have said. If anyone could help me with some tips that would be great!(: but already on my first day I feel more alive not so depressed and tired all the time and honestly my cravings have calmed down this pill is already starting to win me over.
I was taking Xanax for many years to treat my anxiety. New guidelines, however, said I couldn 't continue because of the pain medicines I take and fear of overdose. My doctor prescribed Trazadone. I was hesitant at first but I took it because I wasn 't sleeping. It works great! I can 't believe I like it even better than the Xanax! While on Xanax I still had anxiety but this med has really helped both anxiety and insomnia.
I 've been taking Effexor XR since mid-2005 to help me through a major depressive episode in my life.  Took it in conjunction with Remeron, which helped me immensely with improving my sleep and improving my mood.  Watch for withdrawal symptoms (reduce drug by taking a few grains out of the capsule each time). Do not go off cold turkey. Would be a 10/10 except that I have the sexual side effect. However I 'd rather be happy/non-suicidal than easily aroused.
CIU or Chronic Idiopathic Urticia has been my recent diagnosis.  I 've had outbreaks of Hives for many many years, lasting from weeks to months.  Most recently I 've been seeing a specialist and he has me on cyclosporine.  tough drug to take but cleared my hives and if I have an occasional small outbreak, zrytec does the trick and knocks it out.I also had a shot that was doctor recommended and the first dose cleared my hives but second did not, so on to the cyclosprine
My hair was falling out and my doctor began a series of kenalog shots(3).Within 30 days I noticed it stopped falling out,and began growing back.Kenalog was successful for my hair,I regained a lost sense of smell,and it restored a sense of well being I didnt realize I had lost to cronic fatigue.It was wonderful, however I experienced a huge indenture on my body in the area I received the shot.It looks like a shark bite.My doctor said it is fat scarring.There are others who got this dent too.
Was on Levothyroxine for two years with a litany of ailments and conditions. Went on WP Thyroid and got rid of most of the unwanted conditions associated with hypothyroidism.
This medication has changed my son 's life! He was always on multiple medications for asthma and allergies year round and nothing ever truly worked. This medicine is the only one he takes now and he is 100% symptom free of allergies, sinus issues, and asthma flare ups. Very grateful for this medication!
I got my Kyleena inserted last week after a couple years of being miserable on different BC pills. (My OBGYN said that the side effects of the pills were probably because the hormones were passing through my digestive system, so an IUD would be better). Insertion was a little painful, more uncomfortable than anything, and only took about 2 minutes. (I never had much cramping during my periods and I took 800mg of ibuprofen before insertion) I spotted for a couple hours after insertion, but it 's been a week and I 've seen no signs of blood. I experienced moderate pain on just the right side of my body for a few days, but a quick check from my doctor assured me that the IUD was in the right place. So far I 'm really happy with my IUD!
I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome- Constipation and have tried everything out there. They either didn 't work or had ridiculous side effects that outnumbered the advantages. Amitiza is the best medicine I have ever taken. I have very severe constipation and take 24mcg 2x/daily. I went from no bowel motions to going once every other day on average. Advice...take it with food. The only side effect I have is crazy nausea and a horrid headache if I take it on an empty stomach. Also it is very expensive and can have a hefty co-pay. Amitiza has a website where you will get a free card to cover your co-pay. I went from $25 out of pocket to $0!
I 'm 5 '3 and a month ago I was167. I run an average of 35 miles per week and eat fairly healthy but couldn 't lose anything. Just kept gaining, due to Hashimoto. My endo wanted to get my weight in a healthier range to avoid other issues, and gave me a list of choices to research.  Most were pretty scary with side effects.  I chose phen because it seemed the lesser of all evils. I 've only take a half dose, usually around 5 am. Today I went for my one month checkup and I lost 9! Whats helpful is that i 'm not hungry and have time to consider good choices before mindlessly eating. I wanted to share because we are all different; starting weight, health, etc. 20/month would be great, but remember we all start at different places 
After 3 1/2 weeks of using Complera, no side effects to speak of. Remember to always take Complera with a meal and a glass of water.  Get a pill box from your Dr or pharmacist to help manage the ritual of daily pill taking.
In Jan of this year I weighed 170.0. I had some gallbladder issues that ended up with it being taken out and caused some weight gain. It is now May and my last weigh in was 141.4. I love my adipex and I would recommend it for anyone. I have had two children and so my body has been through the ringer. I love the energy it gives me and the appetite suppression. I also like that it makes you thirsty and the only thing that helps is water. I am now a water drinker and I drink well over the daily recommendation. I love this!!
Been on this medication for over a year and I must say that it works very well. I feel happy, motivated, and in control. It is worth a try if you are suffering from severe depression. It works quick too. Cons :-Very expensive without insurance- withdrawals are awful and can occur within a day (for me) of not taking it.
Improvement started immediately after starting medication. Complete return to normal function after 6 months on medication.  Current dose 1.8 mg daily. Stomach issues, which may have been from extensive antibiotic use prior to correct diagnosis, were resolved with Culturelle Probiotic and recognizing lactose intolerance. This drug did cause lactose intolerance.
I have chronic upper respiratory infections - this works much better for me than the newer antibiotics.
This med was a life saver!! I 've been on pain meds since 2004. Taking 6-8 5mg ox and 60mg of morphine a day. I 've had back surgery twice and I still have pain but scheduling your day around your meds and it controls you. This medication made the withdraw symptoms very manageable. I will say don 't stop taking this medication without talking with your pcp. There are some slight withdraw symptoms with this medication.
Magnacet is a life saver. The pain relief is unbelievable when taken with my other presriptions. It does make me a bit light headed and drowsy but since helps with the pain it is well worth it.
I decided to try the Paragard after having my son bc i was tired of the hormones in my bc pills. i got it put in at about 10-11 weeks post partum. Insertion was rough. it definitely hurt and was very uncomfortable, but luckily the effects did not last long after. I have had it for over 2 years now and have absolutely no complaints. periods have been normal and run like clockwork. no other side effects have occurred either. its like its not even there!
I am one of the few people who doesn 't suffer from some mixed form of depression &amp; anxiety; I 'm straight anxious. I have been on 10-20 mg Prozac for about 7 months now - starting was a little rocky in terms of heightened anxiety, gastrointestinal problems and nausea, but those leveled off after 3 wks. Now, in conjunction with Cognitive Behavioral Therapy and daily mental work, I have to say that this medicine really has helped me get to a place where I can actually implement permanent habits and positive thought cycles and RELAX, whereas before I had a lot of trouble not being stuck as a result of my ruminating, anxiety, fear, guilt, etc. It 's also been really great for my marriage, and my husband has been a big teammate. It 's been good.
I am 54 years old with severe COPD, I have been in and out of hospital over the past 3 years. It seemed no matter what I did or took, within a week or two of leaving the hospital I started having exacerbations reaching desperately for my nebulizar rescue treatment several times a day. A month ago I was given samples to try for a month. I haven 't used the nebulizer for maintenance (4 times a day) nor needed a rescue treatment since using this medication. BUT at the end of the month the pain in my joints has brought me to tears, I 've had very little energy and having nightmares every night.I am to try another medication for a month, hopefully I 'll still be able to go without needing to use the nebulizer treatments and less side effects
I was taking 30mg of temazepam. It 's the only medication that has actually worked for my insomnia. But I can 't have it for more than 2 weeks because I 'm under 18.
I started with 1/2 mg daily then 2x then 1mg 2x. Too much for me. I did not like the feeling. So I have tapered off back to 1/2mg in the morning. So far craving minimal.  28 days so far. I am happy to be free of nicotine.
I have been using Fentanyl for 4 years now. I have had low back surgery in 2001. In 2004 I was in auto accident where doctor said need low back and neck fusion. I said no thanks to surgery and started using fentanyl patch. Without patch I wouldn 't be able walk, stand or much of anything else. Prior to auto accident I was very active work, kids, wife etc. With patch I 'm pretty close to prior accident.
Day 31-I am down 12 lbs. and feeling great! My first 3 weeks were tough with headaches; however, I know now it was caffeine/nicotine withdrawal. I quit coffee, cigarettes, snacks and sugar. I feel great! I am up to 4 pills a day and will refill this medication.
Periods recommenced on using this, also got menstrual cramps (which I had before so no huge deal). Lost all sweating symptoms and skin became less dry, although skin is itchy. Other than this I have had no other bad side effects; have been on this medicine now for approximately 6 months.
I took this for one to two years. I switched from Ortho Novum 7-7-7 and had no problems with it. My biggest fear was that the patch would come off. I had a couple of them with corners lifing but they never came off (infact it could be painful when you took it off). I came off it to have a baby. I stopped using it in Mid January and was pregnant in February. The patches always leave a &quot;goo&quot; around them. Use alcohol to get it off - normal washing doesn 't work.
I 've been on Saxenda a little over 2 weeks now and I 'm down 8 pounds today.   I 'm very pleased.  The side effects are manageable and the appetite suppression is wonderful.  I 've been walking most nights for 1/2 hour.  I hope to lose 60 more pounds and get close to my goal weight by Christmas.  Good luck everyone
15 mg as needed no more than 2 times a day was absolutely the right dosage for me.  Side effects NONE.  Very effective for panic attacks and general anxiety.  I have tried most benzos, this is by far the best.
I work at a bar. Last night was the first night I started Ambien and I fell right to sleep, woke up early, went for a jog I feel amazing.
It 's the only non-steroid medicine I 've found that actually works.
This drug saved my life. No side effects and I can now move on with my life.
It started off with depression which then made me have a nervous breakdown. I experience acute psychosis and I was sectioned for 28 days. It was the worst experience of my life. I was then put on 74mg of lurasidone. It was the best decision of my life. I am happy again enjoying life and I am able to work again. I do not feel depressed at all or even an ounce of low mood. I started the meds in Febuary 2016-October 2016. I have been off the medication for 3 months and I am doing great my mood is stabile and I am on no medication. I came off cold turkey which I wouldn 't recommend but I didn 't have any withdrawal symptoms. I would definitely recommend this medication. I didn 't have any side effects except for a bit of restlessness at night.
It works the best for my sciatic nerve. They tried everything else and this works the best.
Hi. I am on day 16 of 10mg. The first 6 days I was very tired, excessively. But the majority of my anxiety was gone by then.  Days 6-8 I had severe insomnia, it passed and by day 9 I had no racing thoughts before going to slep. Today is day 16. I feel better about my life circumstances. I have a 9 year old with Aspergers. I am no longer spending every waking moment obsessing over what will become of his future. My cognitve functioning seems clearer.  Have been able to keep up more with home chores. Still not as energised as I would like to be. Coffee makes me more jittery since starting the meds. I can now tell the differnce between caffeine jitters and my real anxiety though.I am hoping that by week 6-8 I have even more clarity.
I started taking it 8 days ago.. I started to feel a little better each day. I did have nausea the first day. i noticed that when i get excited or run around too fast working, i get a little nausea..but not too bad and it passes when I calm myself. I 'm very happy with the way it 's working. oh, and taking 10mg.
Amazing - so happy to finally have clear skin after 20 years
I 've been on STRIBILD for a little over 3 weeks now, and have had NO side effects at all. Haven 't gone back to get my blood work done yet, so not sure what my numbers are. But I 'm very PLEASED to have no side effects. This is my first HIV treatment, and I was nervous and almost expecting some horrible nasty side effects. Very pleased.
BEST medication I 've ever taken for anxiety. I was skeptical to take it because of some negative reviews, but I figured, what the heck, what have I got to lose??  I plan on staying on buspar for a long long time. It 's allowed me to be more outgoing and get involved more in social situations. Have a positive attitude, try it, and I think you 'll love it too!
After all the treatments I had from the doctor, nothing really suppressed the cough, which I have had for years. After taking Mucinex, my cough and the associated Phlegm has almost disappeared. I am a 74 yr old male but my side effects seem to be the opposite to others. i.e. I am doing more sleeping than normal, at any time night or day, but thank heavens for the cessation of cough.
I never write reviews but have read a thousand reviews about anxiety and depression. This drug Celexa saved me changed my  life and I have been on everything under the sun this has been the only thing to stop my racing thoughts my anxiety and depression. Try this! My only issues is difficult reaching orgasm I fan just difficult but I can deal with that! I take 30mg a day.
I had one week of help me please trying to use my medications on gout. Gout in the toe in my ankle and then my left wrist. The last place was the wrist and the pain was so bad I started to go to the emergency room but held out for a dr. Visit so much cheaper. My dr. Prescribed me methylprednisone. By the next day the wrist was down to almost normal size and pain was almost gone. I gave it a 10. Its great medicine.
AK on my left cheek. Laser treatment in 2011, then in 2 years AK came out again, from boundaries of laser treated area. Went to new dermatologist, who prescribed Aldara but did not tell about side effects. After 10 days treatment, skin in AK area was badly affected, really effective. Then I had a night with drinks etc. and immediately after that, started persistent influenza like symptoms I never experienced before during summertime, as well as diarrhea. I went for info online and understood it was Aldara.  I stopped anything could weaken my immune response, had plenty of sleep, vitamins, healthy lifestyle and continued the treatment. Stopped after 3 weeks. Side effect gone, big crust, new skin after one month, no more AK. Great.
This is my third flare after being diagnosed with UC almost 5 years ago, so I consider myself lucky. I take oral mesalamine, which is becoming less effective against flare ups. My GI prescribed Rowasa, much to my dismay. It took 4 nights before I got the hang of administering the medication. Retaining it night 1 was almost unbearable. Night 2 was easier, but no less unpleasant. It helps to lay on your left side for 20+ minutes. I haven 't had an issue with leakage or side effects, other than the urge to have a bowel movement and really loud gurgling in my lower colon. Faint nausea that passed in less than a minute. But the benefits far outweigh everything - my flare up has diminished so much in the last 5 days!
I get severe migraines and was given this in the hospital instead of traditional nausea meds. It work well and I now use it at home and actually works better than Zofran or Phenagren.
I was just diagnosed with epilepsy about 2 weeks ago and I am now taking 50 mg of topamax 2 times a day and I have to say this is the best thing ever!  I don 't know how much I have lost because I did not know what I was when I started and I need to get a new set of scales.  I was around 240 lbs so I needed.  I noticed right away that my diet Dr pepper tasted flat and just thought that I had a bad batch till the next case tasted worse.  I also noticed that food tasted &quot;off&quot; too,  now my appetite is down and I took a deeper look at the info on topamax and know this is the drug I have been needing the last 10 years!
Got a sample from my doctor and it works great.
So I 'm doing this because when it all first happened to me I was so scared and probably like a lot of y 'all reading this now. LONGEST 6 days of my life. My period wasn 't supposed to come until 4/28 so I was so happy and shocked when it came 4/12 (6 days after the pill) I took the pill before 2 hours of protected sex (contom ripped in half) Just stay calm and be positive, it 's going to be okay!!
I suffered from debilitating IBS and was on the brink of having to leave my job on disability as a result. I also had developed severe anxiety.  After over a year and many trips to a gastro, I went to a psychiatrist to treat my IBS induced anxiety who prescribed nortriptyline. It was a life saver. I have been on it for 2 years and am completely symptom free. Truly a miracle drug for me.  Only reason for a 9 -- on the two occasions when I forgot to take the medicine I felt very sick.  Must be taken EVERY day.
I was diagnosed with full blown AIDS in June of 2013. My CD4 was 93 with a viral load over 10 million. I immediately started Atripla and 2 months later was undetectable. The only side effects I had were the weird dreams, And I still have them, but they can be rather enjoyable.  I just call it, &quot;a triple theater.&quot;
Smoked cigarettes for over 20 years now i am free of nicotine and smoking for 1 year.Thank you Champix.I was a real addict.
After the first few months of adjusting to it, I found that I really loved this birth control, and it is highly effective. First few months were really easy and smooth with the exception of feeling really tired. I typically react that way by hormones/estrogen. Everyone 's different. After that, my skin cleared up, my breasts grew a whole size bigger, my anxiety got better, and my sex drive is insanely active. I would recommend this to any woman under 35 who doesn 't smoke.
Fantastic drug for my lyme disease ! I was having night sweats constantly and within 2 doses , they stopped .
I was impressed.  After initial use I could really tell a difference, this is good.
I had mild-severe scarring acne since I was 8 years old (I had premature puberty) and my mom took me to many dermatologists who prescribed many different medications. Nothing worked. Of course I was a little kid and wasn 't following the instructions thoroughly. Then at the age of 16 I went on Accutane for 7 months. I remember that it took a while to see some improvement but on the 6th to 7th month it got extremely better. Of course I had a lot of problems with my dry lips. My hands were also very sensitive to cold (they still are). I stayed clear for about 17 years. I only had 2-3 zits once a month during menstruation. Since a year acne has started coming back. Not that bad though. The red marks are the worse. I might go on Accutane again.
I have had three episodes of Diverticulitus in the last five years.  Because I had pretty rough experiences with Flagyl / Cipro combination in my previous episodes, I asked for the pharmacist to advise me, with my prior history in mind. I really wanted this time to be different. He said the most important advice is DO NOT USE ALCOHOL, which sounds like common sense; but that includes mouthwash. (you might swallow a bit)  It 's a slow recovery; absolutely. I live in So Cal and this was during a heat wave, but I slept day and night the first few days with a heating pad on my lower adbomen. The pharmacy confirmed Tylenol is okay pain, also.  It 's not a walk in the park, but I did better this time, even with other minor side effects.
I 'm 18 year old female, 5 '6&quot;. I started Phentermine after talking to my doctor about how I eat everything in sight, and simply one plate isn 't enough for me. I was always tired, lazy, unmotivated. The first day I took it, I didn 't sleep at night just like all the reviews I read online said I wouldn 't. I didn 't mind though because when it was time to get up for the day, I wasn 't tired at ALL which was crazy. Before Phentermine I was 225 lbs. That 's the heaviest I 've ever been. Now I 'm 190 and dropping. As long as you take it about 30-45 mins before you eat breakfast in the morning and drink water, and attempt to work out, you 'll strive on this medicine. I could lose a lot more if I wanted to. It gives you the energy &amp; motivation you need!!
I have been on Actiq for over 2 years. I 've been on the same dose the whole time and I must admit, without it, I would be bed ridden and contorted.Actiq is a very serious medication that each prescriber/user needs to be educated, responsible and accountable for. I truly thank the good Lord for it because my quality of life has improved tremendously, without it my life would be full of pain and agony and I would be just a shell of who I am now. So, Actiq is great, just use with care!
This product worked for me so I decided to write a review. Took it after me and my boyfriend went unprotected and he came as he pulled out. There was some cum on the outside of my vagina but we both played it safe and bout plan b. I took it 30 mins after the accident . My last period started on January 12 and ended January 16th so I wasn 't ovulating. About a week after taking the pill I bled brownish red for about 4-5 days. Didn 't experience any other symptoms besides tender breasts.I was supposed to get my next period on February 12 but just got it today ,  February 15. About 3 days late! Please don 't stress. As long as you take the pill asap and when you 're not ovulating you should be totally fine.
I have been taking Lutera for only two weeks but haven 't had serious problems. I do feel a little moody sometimes and seem to wake up at 3 am just to go &quot;oh it 's only 3 am&quot; and back to sleep. No weight gain or loss, nothing changed with my breasts, no acne, no spotting. I love it so far but just got switched to Aviane because of delivery issues. Very nervous about the switch but we 'll see what happens. If it doesn 't work I 'll be back to Lutera for sure.
I was feeling a sharp right calf pain for about three days and thought it may be a Charlie horse. Decided to go to the er and bam!!!!! Dvt.  Huge clot but below the knee. Was admitted for two days heart rate went down to 38 close calls but thank God I am here. Have been on xarelto for 8 days now and not one side effect. Just hope it gets me through and helps my body dissolve the clot ASAP. Xarelto works for me.
Due to my rheumatoid arthritis diagnosis I am on steroid shots. I gained 25 pounds in 4 weeks. Lost 11 pounds when I could exercise. Then NOT being able to exercise (RA on feet and ankles). I started Bontril on March 11 and stopped for 9 days because I could not get to the doctor. I have lost 10 pounds. No withdrawal symptoms while off. Would recommend it. Starting tomorrow again.
I was having so much pain following my 2nd surgery in a month and I was turning septic too.  It took the final edge off all pain for me that nothing else was helping.  I was on the max dose of morphine and they added the Toradol and I finally was able to sleep and move with out excruciating pain. It was a God-send.
Have been diagnosed with Rosacea that I have had apparently for years, was not willing to seek medical advice and treatment due to money concerns. Two and 1/2 years since my last consulting with Dr. And all I can say is I am amazed at the results topically applied Metronidazole gel has given me. I am grateful for being able to shave my face without feeling like it was a blood sacrifice. Only one regret, why didn 't I do it sooner. :) happier now
Used if for four weeks two years ago but was then scaremongered about its side effects by a hospital counsellor. Still couldn 't control my drinking and has been getting to a seriously dangerous state so I started back on them last Saturday. Today is Day 6 and I have been to the pub for lunch and coffee and have not felt the need to drink although have felt cravings. Have had trouble sleeping and a few headaches but nothing too untoward. Hope to stay sober for a lot longer!
Very effective medication, not quite as long lasting as similar ones, but very effective.
I had immediate response with the taking of the first pill.  It was so nice awaking in the morning without the awful itch that my allergies produce.
I had unprotected sex the night of the day I apparently was ovulating (didn&rsquo;t &ldquo;know&rdquo;, didn&rsquo;t check my period calendar. the period calendar is pretty accurate with keeping track). I took Plan B within 10-12 hours (the next morning). My period was expected to come 2 weeks from that day, and I got my period 3 days before it was expected to come. Plan B is definitely something I would recommend if you are worried about getting pregnant
I suffer from anxiety to the point where I am scared of things. It was so bad I wanted to pull my hair out. I was adopted when I was just a few days old, My mother ( who adopted me) died when I was 16. Life just seemed so hard for me. I was prescribed Klonopin and Ativan before Xanax, now I take Xanax and Concerta together and it really has changed my life. I work two jobs and go to college. I have become a superstar at work, winning contests and getting along with everyone, I rate this drug a 10 it is incredible!
I was severely hooked on opiates for about seven years. I started out on Lortabs and eventually got to where I was taking ten ten milligrams at one time up to thirty a day. I got the brilliant idea to ween myself off of them by buying methadone on the street. Long story short I got worse on the methadone than I was before. After several failed attempts getting sober by going to rehab I found a doctor who prescribed me Suboxone 16 mg a day back in 2006. 
I have had a sinus infection with cough &amp; congestion for 3 months.  I tried 3 antibiotics and the codeine cough syrup, nothing worked.  I was prescribed Zutripro and immediately felt better after 2 doses.  This medicine is a miracle. I would recommend to anyone!  It was on the high tier of my prescription plan but so worth it!
So I took plan b on Easter (April 5) after a mess up , and I 'm pretty sure it worked my cycle came on but the only problem Ive had with the plan b pill is my cycle was on longer then it was suppose to be and obviously most women wouldn 't be comfortable having their cycle on longer then it 's suppose to be but tht beats any unplanned pregnancy any day .
Hello all, this page has been such a great help in making me feel less stresssd, morecomfortable and not alone with this situation. My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex on 9/3 (pre cum scare, no ejacul.) and 7 hours later, I took Plan B. I had to wait 3 weeks until my period started 9/19. On the next day (9/4-9/10) had diarrhea, extreme back pain, stomach aches, acne forming on back, extreme nausea and breast tenderness.  Next on 9/13-9/15 I experienced fatigue, depression, and discharge. Today it is 9/16 and I took a pregnancy test 3 days sooner  (sooner you take the better results) and did morning urine which has more of the pregnancy hormone in it, and I AM NOT PREGNANT! YES! Plan to take it a day before to make sure. Thank you all!
I like Risperdol for the most part because it completely calmed me down in the thick of two manic episodes.  It is the first medication I tried for bipolar I (besides Lamictal for depression symptoms), and the first try was a charm!  It stops both the mania and paranoia I was having during my episodes.  I am on 4 mg at night.  It is a miracle, but I gave it a 9 and not a 10 because it knocks me out.
I had really bad anxiety issues before I hopped on this medicine, was constantly feeling down and never wanted to be around people.. the being around people part hasn 't changed probably because I 'm just a solo person, but my mood is so much better and I just feel happier with life, at times I feel a little to happy that I get aggravated if that makes any sense. but I love the medicine.
I am a fifty year old female getting a colonoscopy for the very first time and the the doctors used this drug to &quot;put me under&quot; and it was the greatest feeling ever. This is the way to go for all needing to get this procedure done!!!
I don 't have chest pains but my heart was beating irregularly. Since being on Imdur my heart beats regular now.
I was prescribed Cryselle for extremely heavy periods due to a fibroid tumor. The bleeding I experienced not only interfered with my daily life, but also caused anemia and seemed to only be getting heavier by the month.I started taking Cryselle 4 months ago - and haven 't experienced any negative side effects (other than the expected break through bleeding month two, which I attributed to my body adjusting to the medication). My periods are much lighter! Also,PMS type symptoms like sore breasts and bloating have significantly decreased. I 'm very pleased so far with Cryselle!
I 'm on 4 pills a day now. I have lost 8 pounds. No nightime hungriness like when I took Qsymia. I fell weirdly happy all day. I 'm generally a happy person anyway but I 'm practically giddy about life now. I still enjoy a beer once in awhile but never craved it anyway so this is unchanged. I get hungry in the mid morning but my body needs calories at that time anyway. The only side effect seemed to be loose stools at first. So far I am thrilled. Hoping for continued success!!! I 'd like to lose 30 more!
Absolutely the best copd medicine i have ever taken. Why did i destroy my own lungs with cigarettes? Youth and stupidity I guess. went from a dying couch potato to a 5k runner with Symbicort. 2 puffs in the morning and 2 before bed keeps me in great shape. It really is an amazing drug for copd sufferers.
My son has been on Focalin XR for 3 years now.  We have had nothing but success.  He will not go to school without it.  He went from a failing student that stayed in trouble to a GT student that LOVES school and a very successful competative swimmer.  Yes we do have behavor problems in the evening but its nothing that we can 't handle..
I got on the pill in May, I got my period that month but haven 't gotten one since. Ive taken pregnancy tests every month and they all come out negative
I absolutely love my nexplanon. I 'm not the best at safe sex and I seem to be the only teen in my town not getting pregnant. I don 't have any problems with weight gain or itching or even my periods.I had my period once since getting the implant and nothing since. The only thing I have to say is sometimes if my boyfriend or dog presses on the implant just right it pinches a little (like the pinch many experience when healing after getting the implant. Other than that my experience with nexplanon has been very pleasant
I 've been on and off Xanax for years! I 've only always took 1/2 of 0.25mg to take the edge off when I felt my anxiety coming on and if I knew I was going to do something out of my comfort zone! It has helped me tremendously. I concentrate better and it actually helps my stuttering. I 'm a firefighter/paramedic and I 'm constantly dealing with stressful situations! I love my job and never could have done it without Xanax. I hate that it gets a bad wrap because people abuse it! I have never even come close to abusing it and use it for what it 's for! Throughout the years I 've tried all other anti anxiety medications and Xanax is the only one that helped me! It 's almost like I have a chemical imbalance and Xanax corrects it!
I was doing some research on migraines was having 4 or 6 migraines a week had to beg my doctor to put me on this he finally agreed been on it for 2 months not a single headache nor migraine I have had migraines since I was 10 I am now 33 I know it is commonly used for high blood pressure and the reason my doctor was kind of leery of it is because I didn 't have high blood pressure but I 'm glad he let me try it and it 's on the Walmart $4 plan
So it 's been three months on this birth control and I 'm insanely happy! I read a lot of reviews and I was afraid of the side effects but so far I haven 't noticed anything off. The first month was awful because I was bleeding every day. I almost decided to stop taking it but my doctor assured me everything would sort out after the first month and she was right! My periods are almost non existent, no cramps or bloating either. My skin is looking better than ever. I haven 't gained any weight in fact I 'm down 5 pounds from when I started. Weight gain was my biggest fear but I have been eating healthy and hardly doing any workouts with no problems. So I would definitely recommend this method of birth control.
Turns it into something to fear!
Reduced pain from stone passing through urinary tract and also helped with bowel evacuation.
Do not let the bad experiences of others scare you off this medicine.  I read the bad side effects and have not had any of them except the heat related one.  It has been a good medicine for me.
This drug worked perfectly. It controlled all my symptoms, paranoia, visual and auditory hallucinations, tactile hallucinations and anxiety. Absolutely no weight gain. I lost 30 pounds on this medication and could not be happier that I tried the drug. It also works excellently for people with eating disorders, controlling their cravings and regulating their eating patterns. There were no sexual side effects. I never relapsed when I went off the medication with the help of my psychiatrist. Thank you makers of seroquel!
Struggled with undiagnosed bipolar disorder for 8 years. Finally got on the right cocktail with Latuda included. I 'm at 60mg and it has stopped my cycling (I 'm a rapid cycler). No side effects, except for weight loss and difficulty gaining it back (which may be great for some of you, but I 'm a former anorexic so not so great on that front). Did not change my intake of food ... but the med definitely decreased my appetite. Would HIGHLY recommend giving this med a go. And I 've been on practically everything -- this is literally the only thing that has made my life live-able again.
I did the triple combination for 6 months.  I cleared the virus at week 4. 
I 've tried several medications for moderate  anxiety and panic attacks. Librium has worked the most reliably. Xanax and Ativan work quickly but are too short acting. Klonopin didn 't do much for me. Librium starts to take effect within about a half hour, makes me calm (not high) and keeps me calm for hours.
I 've been on just about every benzodiazapine there is and Valium (diazepam) is all around the best for combating debilitating anxiety symptoms.  It may not be the most potent benzo, but it has wide and equal benzo effects including sedation, muscle relaxation, anxiolytic, anticonvulsant and can be used for insomnia.  Now the main reason why Valium is the best is its extra long half life.  It 's effects can linger for days which is helpful if you have chronic anxiety.  It also prevents those ups and downs short acting benzos cause like Xanax and Ativan.  Another thing to note is withdrawal from Valium is by far the most mild out of ALL the benzos.  This wonderful medication is an oldie but goodie.
Had a miserable life for 15 yrs of waiting for my heart to go out of rhythm and in to the emergency room. Rythmal has changed my life, I experience a flutter here and there but no total outs, my anxiety has decreased as well.
Prepare prep in advance adding 1/2 packet lemon crystal light and refrigerate.  When time comes to drink, pour into a cup with ice and drink with through a straw.  Never had any stomach cramps and actually only went to bathroom a couple of times the night before.  The next morning drank the second liter in same manner as before.  Still no cramps and went to the bathroom frequently until completely purged.  I would highly recommend.
I have been seizure free on this medicine for 30 years. My seizures were grand mal and though I still have seizure activity in my brain, Mebaral controlled it with little to no side effects. I can 't believe they took it off the market. I am a very successful actor and have had a career and life of extreme sports and adventures that would not have been possible were it not for this medicine. Now I am transitioning to phenobarbital. It 's not the same and there is a distinctly different set up side effects including nausea, hangover effect, and lack of coordination. 
Singulair has been a godsend to help control my daily asthma symptoms due to allergenic/mold triggers. I haven 't noticed it make a difference with exercise or smoke triggers, but it definitely helps reduce frequency/severity of asthma symptoms in general. If I take a few days to pick up my prescription, I can absolutely feel a difference in my lung health. I 've been waiting the past few days to get the entire prescription renewed with my doctor and I had a nighttime attack last night for the first time since I started taking the medicine (it 's been six days since I last took it). I have not experienced any mood changes even though I already had diagnosed anxiety when I started the medication or any other adverse side effects.
I am 59 and have been using Viagra 50mg for a few years now.  When I first started taking it, I got quite a bit of blue vision, some mild headache, and stuffy nose.  I 've been cutting my 50 's in half and take them about 30-60 min before sex.  From the get-go, I have always had nice hard erections that lasted plenty.  Here is what I found can weaken the effect of Viagra: 1) fatty foods - do NOT eat a big greasy burger and then take Viagra expecting a big one...  2) alcohol - I can have a few beers spread over the evening, but any more than that and it lessens the effect, or doesn 't last as long as it would normally.  My insurance covers my prescription for only $20, but I only get 6 pills /mo, 18/90day, so I 'm going to 100 's, still cut them.
I have had anxiety/OCD for as long as I can remember. OCD seemed to come at day different times in my life and in different forms. My last episode 2011/2012 was very paralyzing. I had what I have seen described online as hit/run OCD. I won 't go into length and description but you could google it. I was ready to commit myself but then my PCP convinced me to try a regimen of meds. I started out on 10mg of Celexa gradually moving to 40mg, Estrogen (hysterectomy) and .5 mg of Xanax up to three times per day. For the first 3/5 months I took the meds but using the Xanax at .25mg twice daily. I began to notice that things were becoming so much better. Today, 2015, still same meds but Xanax maybe 2/4 times a month and life is great.
I was on Altace 10mg for approximately 5 years with good success at controlling my high blood pressure. Recently I was switched to generic ramipril and the effects appear to be the same. Overall good control.
My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex June 18, and I took the pill within 24 hours. Within the first week of taking the pill, I experienced five days of heavy spotting, which further delayed my period to today, July 25. I experienced light stomach cramping and heavy white discharge that occurred on and off. Along with this pill I ingested lots of vitamin C, cinnamon, and parsley to help ease my mind, but nothing has ever terrified me so much, so I hope this will help someone else out there. I thank God for this pill. Good luck.
My daily headaches started after a ventricular assist device (VAD). Maxalt has worked beautifully in killing the pain. Occasionally I will wake up with a headache the following day, but not severe enough to warrant another dose. I am careful to avoid triggers so don 't have to take this very often.  I am grateful that I have this option since I am allergic to NSAIDs.
I wish I had known about this medicine sooner! I have had IC all my adult life and as I approach 60 I&rsquo;ve noticed that is has ramped up in the last year. I do not understand why health articles on IC and UTI&rsquo;s do not recommend this product! It has helped so much and works quickly. I too will always have this on hand. The regular AZO where you can basically take cranberry juice through a pill, has now become a part of my daily regimen.
I have been taking Copaxone for about 3 months now. Copaxone controls my MS better.
My boyfriend and I decided to have sexual intercourse. We used protection but the condom slipped off. We were freaking out because we thought that some of his stuff came out. Keep in mind that I&rsquo;m not on birth control. So like 30-45 minutes we went to the store to pick up Take Action instead of Plan B. I took it right away, and waited. The pill did work and I started my period like a two weeks before my period. I had not symptoms by taking the pill. Take action in my part did work, but it might be different for others! Hope this helps!
I have taken Fluoxetine for PMDD for 3 months and the results have been remarkable.  I take 20 mg daily.  I still get a bit down around my period but I am able to control myself.  I do experience some side effects.  I wake up around 3-4am and have difficulty going back to sleep, my legs are restless at night and during the first few weeks only I lost interest in personal grooming and became lethargic.  I can live with the side effects.  My quality of life has greatly improved since taking Fluoxetine.
Took away extreme joint pain with no apparent side effects.
I 've had Irritable Bowel Syndrome and chronic constipation my entire life.  Now at 23, after exhausting all over the counter and homeopathic remedies to no avail, I 've decided to try a prescription.  Overall, it works great and I don 't plan to get off of it.  What I have now is more like diarrhea than anything, but I 'll take that over going up to 20 days without a bowel motion any day! I do get nausea about 30 minutes after I take it, and it gives me bad gas sometimes, but none of that is worth getting off of it.  If you are seriously about to give up on life because of constipation, this medicine is for you!  I recommend.  I do also take Metamucil about every other morning, which helps the diarrhea.  Also- the website for this product offers a $35 off prescription card.
This medication is the first one I 've ever taken that completely controls my extreme restlessness. I have tried antidepressants, antipsychotics, benzodiazepines, and other anticonvulsants. None of them did the job. I tried this, expecting very little. I am amazed at how wonderfully this treats my issues. When I take it, it does take a while for it to take effect, but once it does, my restlessness and agitation completely vanishes. I love it because it doesn 't make me feel any differently, I just suddenly notice that I 'm sitting still and my mind is going a hundred miles an hour. Medications affect everyone differently, but this one works wonders for me!!
Topamax has helped my diabetic nerve damage more than any other drug that my doctor has prescribed for me, and it does not have all the other nasty side effects, including the weight gain.  I get enough of that from the insulin.  I love taking the Topamax.  I 'm on a low dose (25 mg) but it sure has helped me.
I was diagnosed last April 2014 I believe I was infected June 2013 that was the only time I experienced a really bad cold with night sweats, high temperture, chills. I thought it was just a cold. I was together with my partner for 10 years and he never disclosed that he knew. I kept on seeing billboards regarding HIV and it felt as if they were in every corner. I got tested and it came out positive in April 2014 I was freaked out. Cd4 at 450, I decided to take atripla yesterday 4/7/15 because I felt I needed for my own health I was freaked out and still am. No side affects other than drowsy at night and a bit of insomnia. Let 's see how this works for my body. I pray I look normal. 
Tri-Luma is miracle in a tube I 've been struggling with dark spots for about 4 years and scars from severe acne tried every skin lighting cream you can think of and nothing works  went to a dermatologist and he prescribed tri-Luma an I saw results in less than a week. Being using it now for about  weeks an my spots completely gone.  Great product I would recommend it to everyone who struggling with dark spots. insurance doesn 't cover it but can get it at Walmart for $118.00 with the result it worth every penny.
I am very young and have been taking it for a couple of years now. I can tell when I forget to take it. I feel sick and have headaches all the time. Lisinopril really helped me get back to the normal active life I used to have.
My allergist put me on aerospan for a month it wasn 't working I was still tight. The same day I started breo I felt relief it will be 2 months on April 10th have not used my rescue inhaler more than twice in 2 months [used to use it to 6 times a day]The only side effects I have are severe  all day chest pain and back pain. Fatigue I feel super tired and unable to walk to much but no exerbation from my lungs iIfeel shortness but my lungs are clear. My pulse is over 120 resting and as high as 165 at times had to take ativan to relax the palputations  im 29 yrs oldMy dosage is 200/25mg along with montelukast 10mg.
I usually don 't leave reviews but I feel like i could ease some minds. Ladies, take a deep breath. It works. Trust me. I 'm a bigger girl whose way over the &quot;weight limit&quot; and it was 100% effective for me, even after I had unprotected sex on my most fertile day! Symptoms can scare you as they are exactly like pregnancy symptoms such as sore breasts and random bleeding. Like I said, relax. If you have taken the pill as directed, you 'll be fine. 
I took plan b 9/28 &amp; had a period that ended Oct . 9 I don 't know when it started but I had one . did plan b work? Because I 'm pregnant and I want to know if I got pregnant before or after plan b . I was not ovulating at all so my period came when expected .
I work in an elementary school and got ring worm. My dermatologist gave me the econazole nitrate 1% and I was better in 2 weeks! No side effects, all went very well.
I 've had severe panic attacks while primarily driving on interstate highways and through mountains for 30 plus years. I rarely have attacks driving on most other types of roads and conditions.  I 've been on Paxil for 5 years now and it is truly a life saver for me.  I choose however, and contrary to most advice, not to be on it all the time as it does numb the senses.  Twice yearly I drive from Florida to Indiana and choose to take 20 mg/day for one month prior to my trip and 40 mg/day a couple of days prior to my trip.  For the most part I can drive successfully with no attacks.  Occasionally I will still have what I call a &quot;break through&quot;- sort of a rush sensation but not as severe as a panic attack.  I have no problems coming off it.
I have had stomach issues since childhood and so far no doctor has found the underlying cause.  However, in the meantime I was prescribed Reglan and it works.  I have been taking this medication on an as needed basis for over a year. I don 't think it is a miracle worker...but it definitely helps.  
Brand name: had no side effects and had 100% effectiveness on bladder control.
I have had restless leg syndrome all my life. Nighttime was awful, kicking my legs, rocking,and only fell asleep because I was exhausted. Been taking 15mg nightly. Wake up once and fall right back to sleep. Never in my life have I been able to sleep like that. I am 65 years old, once in a while feel groggy. Also helps with restless legs syndrome during day. Feel more calm as well. My husband says I don 't even move at night and no more black &amp; blue marks on my legs.
I have had my Paragard for three months now and I LOVE it. I was terrified to get this put in as I had never been on birth control before and after reading all of the reviews about the insertion process, I was practically shaking in the obgyn office. Not one bit of it was painful for me. It just felt a little funny, but when he inserted it there was a tiny baby cramp that went away almost instantly.For the record, I have not had any kids, I am tall and thin, and have 3 day medium flow periods which haven 't changed since getting on this, and only had spotting the first month. I had bad cramps once when I wasn 't wearing proper shoes at a job where I walk on hard brick all day, but they went away with 2 motin.
I 've  been on other media for sleep but nothing worked. I was  lucky  if I  got 3 hrs  sleep. I moved to another state for work and have a new doctor. He put me on 100 MG and told me to take it 10 min before I  go to bed. I slept like a baby for the first time in over 50 years. No adverse effects.  I felt  completely  energized in the am. All I  can say is WOW!
I can say I use to be a jealous husband because when our daughter gets the stomach bug I sometimes got it. There is a 50/50 chance I would get it and my wife NEVER gets it.  When I found out about zofran it saved my life.  I 'm already a hypochondriac when it comes to the stomach bug, I hate it because as a child of the 90 's there was no such pill and I always got the dirty bug. Now I take zofran when my daughter throws up or someone touches me with it just incase so I don 't throw up and it always works because I stay upset stomach free. Just boggles my mind why docs never give it to patients, someone told me about it that 's how I knew about it.
I have had RLS for years but since going off clanazapam 1 year ago it increased so severely afternoon, evening, and night I was going crazy. Peripexole at 2mg finally stopped it. I tried other meds and all suggestions I could find on the Internet. For about 2 months I have been taking iron, more magnesium with my calcium, folic acid, good multi, and hope it is helping. The peripexole has been a life saver. I do not have insurance but I get my meds at universal drugstore, a online drugstore in Canada. The peripexole comes from the UK and is really cheap compared to all the prices elsewhere.
Pain is dulled within 1st 15-20 min.  A substantial amount of relaxation for several hours.  Helped much more than OTC chemicals.  I optained as sample packets from Doc.  I 'm very active and pysical for 55yrs young and used tramsdol  for 4 days.
Felt human within days!
Saved my life, miracle drug
I developed multiple blood clots in my lungs after a trip to Canada and America. It wasn 't until I returned home that I found out I had them and was put on the 15mg twice a day for 3 weeks before switching to 20mg once a day. I have just stopped taking Xarelto after 6 and a half months and found no problem with it! Aside from bruising easily, it sure beat the alternative (injections), so I am very grateful for all it has done. I am 20 years old and am happy to say I only have a bit of scar tissue left over.
My doctor gave me a couple of these to try out before I filled a script for them (for shoulder and lower back pain). I cut them up because they are HUGE. Put &frac12; on my back and &frac12; on my shoulder the first night. I hadn 't slept more than a couple of hours a night for the last week because of my back (that 's with oxymorphone and oxycodone) and WOW, slept like a baby! Took my back pain from an 8 to a 3. I didn 't even notice the patch was there. Now for my shoulder though, these things aren 't very sticky and so the movement makes them come off in just a couple minutes. I taped it down, but it 's kinda bubbling in the middle and I 'm having a hard time keeping it in contact with my skin unless I 'm holding my arm just so.
This Patch is amazing. For those of you having trouble removing the backing, just put patch in fridge for a while, or over night. We just keep the box in the fridge. Peels off nice and easy. And the cold patch helps with the itching.
I 'm on some strong Pain Meds, including Methadone 10mg 4x daily, and Oxycodone 15mg 4x daily after I tore my ACL and broke my arm while playing football. I 've had chronic nausea for about 15 years now, I 'm a 27 year old male. When I got put on those narcotics, my nausea went out of control, real bad. My pain doctor gave me a script for Promethazine, 50mg 3x daily, and all I can say is, WOW! My nausea is now completely gone, AND it makes my pain Meds work MUCH better. Takes away the negative side effects such as itchiness, and nausea, and adds to the positives such as reducing pain. Thank you Promethazine!
The first time I had taken MoM, it was for a few days constipation, and it worked overnight- I took the 1 tbsp (concentrate version) around 10pm before bed. It made me feel a bit nauseated, but I finally fell asleep and woke up around 8am to have a healthy movement. The second time I took MoM, it was for pretty bad indigestion and bloating, and I took the same dose as before, thinking I had until morning, at around 10:30pm. I was awoken at about 1am with the feeling like I had to pass gas, and I almost did, but not wanting to trust it, I carried myself to the throne, and I 've been sitting here for 30 minutes now, with ALMOST diarrhea. Again, I felt nauseous taking it this time.
Simply the best option in my opinion. I have tried everything, EVERYTHING. This works the best and I wake up refreshed. Since 1996 I haven 't slept this good.
I started Contrave 6 days ago and have lost 5.5 pounds. It totally curbs my urge to eat and opened my eyes to realize I am an emotional eater.  I no longer want to eat in between meals, feel full faster and my appetite has gone way down. I always eat when I take my pill in the morning but I still get foggy and a little out of sorts. No constipation whatsoever but dry mouth yes and I also noticed my hot flashes are back. It has helped me with the anxiety and stress I feel every day at work. I also realized that I needed that glass of wine I was drinking every night, that kind of scared me because how long would one glass work and then I would need more? I don 't even think about it since I started taking Contrave.
I created this account just to tell my experience with this medicine. I literally had almost given up on life.  My depression and anxiety were on a downward spiral and it was destroying my quality of life, relationships and school.  I have tried almost every kind of medicine possible to include Effexor XR, Adderall, Wellbutrin, Zoloft, Paxil and Prozac alone.  Within a week, I have never felt better in my life, I 'm a new person.  My head feels clear, calm and optimistic.  I take it before bed, which knocks me out.  I love it because my racing mind kept me up all the time.  At first its hard to wake up, but now I wake up alert and chipper, before I literally would sleep for two days straight.  This has changed my life so much.  
The stress from my job causes me to question my decisions and while I am usually right 99% of the time, I still have self-confidence issues that result in panic attacks.  These attacks cloud my thought process and at times have resulted in some pretty stressful presentations.  Therapy, 0.25 mg of Xanax prior to a key presentations (maybe twice a month) and 100 mg of Zoloft daily for the past 6 months have been amazing! I think more clearly, I am much more articulate, don 't worry about my decisions, and sleep at night.  Very few side effects.
I 've been on Atripla now for 2 months and it 's a great drug. There were defiantly some wicked side effects, strange dreams, frequent bathroom trips and mild hallucinations, but after a few weeks they were gone and in 3 weeks I went from a viral load of over 35,000 to undetectable. 
I just started taking this medication last night and ALREADY feel so much better. I 've tried Prozac, Celexa, Zoloft, Buspar, Abilify, and countless others to help with my anxiety and none of them worked. This medication is a miracle in my opinion. I can 't believe how quickly it works too. I 'm taking this along with Atarax to help anxiety and panic attacks. I like the Atarax too and have not needed to take clonazepam today. Very happy. Only problem was that I couldn 't sleep last night. I was physically exhausted and couldn 't open my eyes or move but my mind was active. Hopefully this will pass. I 've also had an upset stomach today with diarrhea but it beats anxiety any day!
Sick for three weeks with sinus / ear infection that spread to the lungs.  I was first given a &quot;z pack&quot;  which did not work.  Got really sick and ended up getting fluids, Levaquin, and prednisone.  By the third day I was feeling much better.  I 'm on the medication a week now, no problems other than a little jittery, but I believe the prednisone is contributing to this side effect.
Hi, I 'm female from UK, age 16. I was on fluoxetine for a while and whilst at first it helped with my moods but after a few months I didn 't really get much out of it, anxiety and depression wise. A few months ago I was switched to citalopram and I can say it has been an absolute lifesaver. I suffer from extreme sensitivity and most stressful situations get me extremely anxious . I 'm not having a good time with school ATM but I 'm generally feeling like I can cope with it, and that I don 't spiral off into mania and anxiety anymore when something bad happens. I have minimal symptoms of anxiety anymore, with heart fluttering, tummy ache and shaking almost gone when I should feel anxious. My moods have improved greatly and I love this meds.
I had tried every other medicine out there, and none of them has worked for me like Protonix does.  In combination with Carafate, I feel like me again. The chest pain, burping and burning has almost completely went away. No side effects at all. I highly recommend this medication..
I started Phentermine on May 13th 2011 and today is May 23rd and I have already lost 12 pounds. I gained so much weight after graduating high school and going to college, going from a small 117lbs to 135lbs in less than a year and then at 22 I became pregnant with my son and gained around 40 lbs.  I 'm barely 5 '1 and weighing 180lbs was just not cutting it. I tried dieting but it was hard when I live with a 6 '5 290lb man who eats like a horse. This pill has given me the energy and confidence I need. I have started going to the gym and eating healthier and drinking more water and less soda. I get terrible dry mouth and headaches though, but I 'll deal with it to be back in a size 6 any day.
This drug is a life saver. I tried Actonel and Fosamax  with poor results. I experienced bone pain and flu like symptoms for weeks on end. After seeing an endocrinologist it was decided I try Prolia. NO side effects at all. Not even soreness at the injection site.I just received my 3rd injection and 2nd bone density test. Density is up 7-8% in spine and hip. I am thrilled.
This medication it 's Amazing! Since I was about 15 I have sweated on my back like crazy! Always having to wear a undershirt to try and hide it. In the last few years I started to sweat like crazy around my forehead. Just sitting doing nothing sweat would pour down my face and back. Stopped going places because I was so mortified by it. I asked my doctor for help and he prescribed Hypercare. Didn 't like it at first because it burned so much. I kept using it every night and for a week and the burning has stopped. I no longer wear under shirts. I can go any where now and I no longer sweat at all. It 's been a huge life changer. It 's a freedom that I can 't explain unless you have suffered from Hyperhidrosis.
I 've been on Paroxetine for around 5 months due to extreme social anxiety, panic attacks and mild depression. The first few days I had strong heart palpitations and dizziness, and for the first two weeks was completely anxiety free but still very dizzy and constantly felt like I was going to pass out.After the first month everything settled down and I feel great, very minimal anxiety and Im significantly happier.The only downside to this medication for me is that if I miss a dose I will know because I become angry and my hands will shake. I still absolutely love what it has done for me, and the side affects are well worth it.
Pro: No headaches or nausea. Usually cannot feel it during sex, but if I (or he) does it is easy to remove. Easy to remember to insert since it only needs to be inserted once a month. My period is like clockwork now. No mood swings. Con: Cost. Seems to make me retain more water than before.
This has been my savior when an IBS attack hits. I thank goodness for dicyclomine!
I used this after my throat surgery, it killed the pain really well but it made me nauseous and dizzy.
I 've had m ine on for going on two months now and I love it. I was under the impression this little price of wonderful would be the worst decision of my life and to be honest, its not. Of course insertion hurt like a female dog, but that 's to be expected. (I 'm 18, never gave been pregnant by the way.) That first day- and that first few- stunk. But I found walking seemed to help. My next period was pretty heavy but lasted only 4 days and it was far better than my periods prior; which only happened maybe 4 times a year and when they did I thought I was dying. I lightly speed and gained like 6 pounds but In that aspect, mine is great. I cramp lightly now and that 's a miracle in and of itself. My partner hardly notices the stings too. ;]
Honestly one of the best treatments for HSV or coldsores around! I start feeling a cold sore coming on (a tingling, burning sensation) and on goes the Zovirax. Instant relief from the pain and the sore stops in it 's tracks! Definitely worth every penny of that 
I am 21 and have trouble sleeping, due mostly from my  depression, anxiety, etc. I got prescribed Seroquel (50mg one before bedtime) about a year ago and it has helped me SO MUCH in a couple ways, INSTANTLY --helped me sleep, and stay asleep, at first, couple weeks was drowsy when I woke but after a month or two of taking it I wake up feeling great. (Makes sleep amazing, and have the most vivid awesome dreams) Over time taking this medication it has lowered my depression and anxiety. I 've noticed hard situations and emotions are much easier to handle. I can stay calm compared to always freaking out. 
Whole family in hospital for stomach virus with severe nausea and vomiting every half hour. This medicine completely stops the nausea within minutes! It definitely gives you headaches and makes you sleepy, but this is a small price to pay to stop the nausea when you are in that situation. 
Not sure why so many people have such a horrible time with this product! Maybe I am just not as sensitive as others or maybe my pain tolerance is higher, but I think it 's great! I had a little tingling, but it was soooo much more tolerable than the YI itch! Put in in before bed, no issues, feeling sooooo much better!
I have only just begun taking Viibryd, and after one pill I already notice a difference, love it, My doctor has always directed me to take my anti-depressants at night for one of the biggest side effects is drowsiness. I did have a little bit of a hard time falling asleep, I was taking 200mg Zoloft for about 2 yrs and it just pooped out. I haven 't had any side effects yet. I 'm very hopeful of this antidepressant. Although I did have one side effect my  muscles feel like I ran a country mile. I 'm hoping this gets better as I adjust to taking higher doses.
I started Rapaflo 8 mg yesterday afternoon after my urology appointment. Got up to urinate only once last night - down from 3 - 4 times a night. I am impressed at how &quot;rapid&quot; it worked. Stream is already stronger. Orgasm last evening was same in intensity but produced nothing. This really surprised me as I did not know it was a side effect. Just hope intensity and drive don 't decrease as well.
My husband finds great relief with this for his breakthrough pain. Very fast acting but relief only lasts about an hour. He needs more than one of these for use a day but since the DEA have declared war on pain management doctors he is only given one dose per day. His quality of life would greatly improve if he was allowed to have more for his breakthrough pain. 
Norco 10/325 works great for my migraine pain.
My review is only over the insertion. It would 've been pretty quick and easy if I wasn 't one of the 2% that have a moving uterus. My GYN had to clip my uterus down before insertion. The insertion was simple and quick. I didn 't bleed at all which was fantastic. It was inserted on what was supposed to be my first day of my period but I didn 't come on my period until the next day. It is still the same old light period. Now the cramping afterwards was there but not too terrible and I think it was there because my uterus went through 25mins of trauma. Other than that I 'm good to go and will update as I go!
I 'm surprised to see all of the negative comments about the reglan, Benadryl, toradol combo. It 's been a life saver for me! When I 've gotten a terrible migraine that I couldn 't shake, this was the only combo that could help me. I never experienced any bad side effects like the ones people have mentioned. I 've been given it several times while at the hospital and it has always gotten rid of my migraines without really any negative side effects. The only thing is that it makes me really sleepy.
I&rsquo;ve been on this birth control for about 4 years and have had a great experience with it. My boobs got a bit larger on it from a B cup to a D, don&rsquo;t think I gained too much weight, I am very active and have always stayed around the same weight, maybe 5-10 pounds more on it. I am pretty moody even before the pill, but I have noticed my PMS is worse on the pill, but it&rsquo;s still manageable. Never had a pregnancy scare and me and my boyfriend have unprotected sex the last 3 years.  Overall very effective and minimal side effects for me!
I have been taking 10mg Cialis, (Tadalafil) with great success.Used to have huge problems years ago, to the point that I was considering surgery.Many medications have terrible side effects like lowering your sexdrive, some even creating irreversible damage. I first found out years ago via the Internet, long before it got approved by the FDA, mentioned it to my Urologist, who was a professor at a university who approved it right away.Medicare is not covering it and the pharmacy was trying to charge $286 for a month supply. This left me the only option to find an  pharmacy on the Internet where I get a year supply at a time keeping it in the freezer to preserve its potency. Great results for my prostate and my sex life.
I just got this shot 1 week ago and I don 't even notice a difference. I can 't tell I even got it. I have actually been in a better mood since  receiving it. Not everyone I know has had the same experience. So all I can say is it 's worth a shot. No pun intended :)
Only medicine that no side effects. Take as when required basis and have no issues.
Effective form of birth control
I am 70 and after blood test was told by my doctor that my testosterone level was very low compared to my last test 5 years earlier.  I was not getting erections very much at all, could not get off when I did, was pretty stressed, irritable, and just not feeling very up.I 've been on Axiron for 5 weeks and things have changed remarkably.  I get horny a lot, get erections at least once a day (4 times one day), can have orgasms more often, feel more relaxed, less stressed out, and noticeably less irritable.I go back to the doctor in two weeks for the latest blood test results.  The blood was drawn two weeks ago.I only have one complaint about the medicine...the cost.  I 'm not sure I can afford it continuously, and I don 't have Medicare B.
Easy to take.   A little leg pain (not sure if it 's related to meds)...besides that absolutely no side effects. I take with a good meal.
Most effective opoid pain medication for me. Long story short, my spine is messed up from stem to stern: scoliosis, osteoarthritis, osteophytes, spinal stenosis etc. It all got much worse after my son was born which was when I was first put on the trial and error opoid rollercoaster. Tylenol 3 codeine quickly became ineffective, probably because I had up to this point been treating my pain with OTC medication (in Canada you can get low-dose Tylenol with codeine without a prescription) and I was put on Oxycodone (Percocet) which was an awful med: didn 't last &amp; withdrawal was hellish. Next up, Fentanyl patch, moderately effective but patch delivery was unreliable. Hydrocodone (Dilaudid) at last gave me some of my life and mobility back.
Don 't worry about weight gain! I 've taken Seroquel for two years, and let me tell you you can stay fit and or lose weight! The hardest is the munchies at night, but if you can control that and or snack healthy you will be FINE. You don 't have to have a strict diet on this medication. Exercise and eat healthy as much as you can. You can still enjoy giving into cravings! You have to adjust to the major hunger especially at night. See what works for you. This medicine is amazing and works very well. Just give it a chance. After two years I have not gained any weight but have actually lost since I began taking it. It 's a little hard at first but once you figure out what works for you you 'll have a happy life emotionally and physically!
I have been on Savella for 3 months now and it is the most effective medication I have taken for fibromyalgia to date.  I 've tried Cymbalta and Pristiq.  It is not without side effects though.  I have a rapid heartbeat, and stay on the verge of throwing up, but.....pain is not the first thing I think of when I get out of bed in the morning and that means a lot.  I am going to stay on it as long as possible in hopes that the side effects will go away.  I started taking Topamax for the headaches, and they have gone away.
I 've had BV for years and have taken metronidazole numerous times. Even with me following specific vaginal care it still quickly came back.  I literally had to use tampons on days i had no period to avoid the discharge and odor on certain days of the month when it shows up.  I researched what else could help and saw clindamycin.  I took 300mg twice a day for 7 days.  From the first day there was 100% improvement. My side effects were minor, gassy/frequent bowel movements, throat felt different but not sore. But that was it for me.  I wish i would 've been prescribed this sooner.
I have been hiv positive for 3 years when I asked my doctor if my hiv meds were actually giving me side effects of anxiety and panic attacks. I am taking truvada and isentress and although I am very happy with my meds, I really noticed that When I started the hiv meds, I become  very anxious and paranoid of negative things happening in my daily life. I talked to my doctor and so he prescribed me a very low dosage of 100 milligrams 4 capsules a day of Gabapentin. I immediately noticed the effects within the first week. I am no longer paranoid, worrysome and anxious all the time. I 'm very happy my doctor prescribed me this medicine. :)
This medication completely turned my life around. For 2 years I 've been going through countless of antidepressant cocktails without much luck (one of them was Effexor and Mirtazapine which apparently is one of the most effective combos) It was until a few months ago when I demanded being evaluated for bipolar disorder, and after a few tests they put me on Lamictal (in combination with Wellbutrin, Prozac and Mirtazapine) the first titration weeks was hell, my mood was all over the place. But early February everything did a 180 and now I 'm finally able to live a normal adult life
This is a much more potent pain relief than Demerol.
Soreness is gone. It makes me feel like a new woman again. And I have no side effects that I know of from it. But it is expensive.
It 's the only thing I 've found that helps with the impulsivity, anxiety and rage fits. It helps me function like a normal person. I do get side effects of having trouble getting to sleep and being a light sleeper with no dreams and yawning a lot. When first starting it I also experienced nausea for the first few days.
Got it fitted over a year ago and can 't complain. Yes, the periods are heavy on it but regular and predictable. Btw, for all the negative reviews here that sound as if the same person wrote it during the same timeframe, read the label - it is non hormonal! It also says that the periods will get heavier but more regular. It 's much better and safer than having foreign hormones being released into your body for sure, do the research. Of course, it may not be for everyone and especially not for those that still want to have kids!!! But there is no need to write fake bad reviews for the only non- hormonal protection there is on a market for millions of women to be safer.
I 'm a male and about as soon as I hit puberty (around 11-12) I got the full force of whiteheads on my forehead. It was terrible. I was self-conscious and confidence deprived. I started using Proactive, which didn 't work and it irritated my skin very bad. My forehead acne gradually went away on its own though, but another hurdle arose; it returned everywhere else on my face. This problem would stay until I was 16. Throughout those years I was prescribed different meds like Solodyn &amp; Doryx, which didn 't really do anything for me. The summer of 2017 I went to the derm to be prescribed Accutane. I 'm just left with a little hyperpigmentation. Only real side-effect is very dry lips that are manageable with Aquaphor.
This is a fantastic form of birth control! I 've been using it for about 8 months now and I absolutely love it. I have yet to experience any negative side effects. It 's just so simple; insert and remove. One great benefit: my periods are extremely regular now.
I was diagnosed with a MRSA Impetigo skin infection and was prescribed the Bactrim DS as well as Bactroban ointment, therefore I cannot know which helped the most, but it did work 95%. I stll have a pink area and the original cut that started this all is still slightly visible. This oral med made me feel horrible. Everyday, after the third day, I was nauseous about an hour after taking it and several times had to take Zofran 8mg which did help.  My stomach was a roller coaster and the headaches were really bad.  I have Daily Chronic Headache which is daily migraines. But I get C spine nerve ablations which allows me to be 90% migraine free for about 1 year. During the 10 days the migraines came back and with a vengence. Glad to be done.
I have my life back.I became incapable of normal day to day life through a combination of major depression and anxiety. I almost lost my relationship, my future - my life. I was first put on fluoxotine with  another medication  and CBT by a useless dr. I opened my mind to try again which was brave after my first fail, and look at me now giving myself a pat on the back! I am so excited to start the rest of my life with this new and hopeful outlook!! I am on 50mg and the side effect for the first 2 weeks were well worth pushing through. Goodluck and stay openminded everyone! It does get better and there is a way out of the dark! %u263A
Just started on Victoza 3 days ago.  Self injection seems a bit daunting at first, but in reality, it 's nothing.  No nausea at 0.6  so soon to 1.2.  Right now I weigh 295 pounds, and should weigh 180, so we 'll see what happens.  Morning blood sugar this morning was 93.  I can live with THAT.By the way, &quot;eggy burps&quot; usually means your stomach flora are dead, and you need live culture yogurt, or acidophilus milk to re-establish your colony.--Jerry
This is the ONLY medicine in the benzodiazepine family that is useful to me for BOTH panic attacks AND sleep! Great results.
I have extreme dental anxiety.  The dentist prescribed 3 mg an hour prior to dental work along with a valium the evening before and the procedure went wonderful.  I did not feel any pain although I was a bit loopy the rest of the day  :)  I went home after the procedure and went to bed.  No lingering effects. I had 2 teeth pulled, deep cleaning, prep work for a bridge and a temporary bridge installed.
I was diagnosed with Panic Disorder in 2001. I immediately started taking Paxil. At 40mg/day I felt GREAT! No more panic attacks and my concentration improved significantly! For those that find that Paxil does NOT work, please have your thyroid checked. Thyroid problems are closely interconnected with anxiety/depression disorders! I was diagnosed with Hashimoto 's Autoimmune Disease of the Thyroid as well as Hypothyroid (underactive thyroid) at the same time I was diagnosed with my Panic Disorder. My Paxil combined with Synthroid (a thyroid hormone) has put me back to normal. It 's been 11 years now! Cheers!
Granted this is one of only two different birth control pills I have ever used, but it has been extremely easy to deal with. I have not gained weight, yes there can be a little bit of breakthrough bleeding in the first few months, but that is completely normal for acclimating physically to the pill. This pill is an example of how great it is to take a low dose birth control pill. All the effectiveness without the awful side effects. My periods are regular on this pill to the point where I can predict what day and even time of day each month I will get them. I have been on Aviane for 7 1/2 years now and would never switch.
I 've had my thyroid removed 10 months ago and I started taking the lowest dose of Levothyroxine (generic) six weeks after the surgery. I had my blood work done and dosage adjusted every six weeks until I ended up at 137 mcg daily, 5 months after the surgery. Then I switched to Synthroid brand. All this adjusting was done by an endocrinologist. I feel great, definitely much better than before the surgery when I suffered from severe hyperthyroidism. I did gain some weight right after the surgery but once the dosage was correct, I was able to lose the pounds easily. All of my other symptoms (hair loss, abnormal sweating, fatigue) were gone once the dosage was correct. The right dosage is extremely important.
22 year old with a history of anxiety, and have found absolutely no issues with Yaz. Decided to make the switch after feeling overly emotional on Levlen. Was a little reluctant after reading reviews, but haven 't experienced any side-effects at all, or at least if I have, they 've been too minimal for me to notice!
Very good. Have had it for 5 yrs. This is my renewal year and the replacement went well.
Wonder drug in my opinion. It cleared me up in 2.5 days and I discontinued use. I almost didn 't believe I actually WAS sick in the first place because of how quickly it worked... I thought maybe it was allergy?  Skeptic and Non- compliant patient, I know.  It came back 3 weeks later.... I 'm not as successful this time around.... day 4 and not much relief yet... but I WILL continue the 10 days this time.  I learned my lesson.
These have saved my life, I 've been on the patch for 3 months, 25 mcg, every 48 hours. I think maybe one more adjustment will do it. Keep in mind they are to be used with a breakthrough medicine also. Well since I 've been on patches I forgot about pills. Still have to take them though. I have 6 year old boy I can play with him again. That means the world to me. Give them time to work, and it took 3 adjustments to get them right, it took 6 weeks, three 2 wk trial periods. Word of warning my doctor went on vacation during trial period, I had only been taking them for a month, the withdraws were very bad. As soon as he got back I couldn 't wait to start on them again. That says a lot. You have to plan ahead with these meds. Call 4 or 5 days before refill.
This drug is AMAZING!  After I taken this medicine I was back to myself!  I was barely walking, my hands were throbbing and killing me, pain behind my knees, I have something that is attacking all my joints, my orthropedic Dr. subscribed this to me until I could see an R.A. Dr.
I have found this medicine very helpful.  There was an adjustment period with headaches and dizziness.  But it did get better, and the improvements are well worth it.
At first, between the spontaneous nausea, diarrhea, and brain zaps, I thought I couldn 't handle it.  I have been on every SSRI known to science including Cymbalta.  The side effects of Viibryd were so bad when I went to 20mg so I ask my Doctor if we could just go back to the 10mg for a couple more weeks.  2 days after that decision, things really cleared up.  The nausea softened and Imodium AD took care of the Diarrhea.  Suddenly, I felt so much better and my libido came roaring back.  I haven 't felt this good in many many years.  But, I had to go through hell to get to this point. This is not your usual medication. It takes perseverance, dedication and a lot of patience. Plan to spend 2, 3 or 4 months to adapt- but it 's worth it.
I found the mirena great. It wasn 't very painful to have put in. It took 6/8 months to settle. For the first month 's I had bleeding on and off all month. After 8 months I hadn 't any periods. I replaced it with a new coil after 5 years. The only side effects I noticed were ance between 8months and 12 months.
Would give this a 10. Have tried every anxiety/depression, SSRIs and MAOIs, etc. out there. One day on this and I felt wonderful, like I woke up as a new normal person. Yes you may gain a lot of weight but only if you eat carbs. You just cannot take this and eat chips, candy, etc. Lean meats, proteins and veg and you will have NO problems, the effect is worth it. If you can put the fork down, it can change your life. My Dr. warned me about the potential for weight gain, but told me he thought I had the willpower to resist the cravings to eat junk, which I did. Try it.
amazing only thing that worked on a stubborn toe nail fungus.  Within 2 weeks I noticed that a new healthy nail was emerging from the nail bed and the nasty one was growing out.  There is no more new accumulation of keratin under my nail, no more gross odour and no more pain!!   It has been 1.5mnths.  I have maybe a 1/2 inch of ugly old nail at the tip of toenail left before it all becomes an awful memory.  I am so happy!!! I will continue a little bit past the point of it being completely gone just to be sure.  Then, I can paint my toenails once in a while again because I want to- not because I have to to wear sandals.
My doctor switched me to Sprintec-28 from Levora. I was on Levora for 10 years and still suffered from mild/severe acne. Once I switched to Sprintec, within 3 months my skin cleared up! If you continue daily face care, including washing your face daily with mild cleansers and moisturizers, acne will subside.
I started Zoloft in July.  I never wanted to be on medication this was my last resort. I was a wreck mentally.  I was only stable the week after my period, I would get very moody.  My moods range from depression to panic attacks and so forth.  The first 3 days were the hardest, the medicine seemed to make my symptoms worse than after about day 5 I felt the medicine start to do the opposite effect and I was more at ease. I am completing my fifth month on Zoloft and I am sure glad I started it.  I am back to my old self but I 'm not zoned out.  I still have my real emotions, I 'm just not as touchy as I was before Zoloft.  I can get through the little things without having a mental breakdown.
Update: Started Qsymia on 3/23/17 and today is 10/27/17. Little over 7 months. I&rsquo;m on the 7.5/46mg dosage. I&rsquo;m a 29 yo female 5&rsquo;8&rdquo;. Starting weight was 353.0lbs. Today my scale said 304.9lbs. 48.1lbs down. The lowest I&rsquo;ve seen is 302. I&rsquo;m at a period where my weight is stalling a little. I don&rsquo;t think it&rsquo;s because the dosage isn&rsquo;t working but because this happens ever so often. I&rsquo;ll lose pretty consistently then get to a bit of a plateau and then lose again. It&rsquo;s frustrating but I just keep doing what I&rsquo;m doing and don&rsquo;t give up and the weight continues to come off again. Again, my diet has only changed in that I eat a lot less food and drink way more water. I&rsquo;m about to start exercise on a more consistent basis. Till next time!
I was diagnosed with hyperplasia. I was experiencing very heavy, clotty periods for YEARS. I thought this was normal until I had a month long period. This pill is heaven sent. I have not had a period for about 8 months, have lost a tone of weight, have more energy than I have had in years and I would say the only side effect is tender breasts. I cannot guarantee this result for everyone but clearly I was no producing my own progesterone.
I love it, it helps me succeed in subjects/ work tasks that I have struggled with so much in the past which has affected my self esteem. I have been on it for 5 years. I take 20 mg twice a day, and feel a need to go up a bit for the dosage, it 's been a while and doesn 't feel as effective. 
Linzess is a wonderful medicine. Provides optimal reliefof chronic constipation within hours of ingesting it, without any cramping that I have experienced with similar medicines &amp; over the counter laxatives!
Firstly it is worth noting that I chose this form of birth control as a complete last resort and rather hesitently, I have tried 3 different types of combined pill, a progesterone only pill and a Nexplanon (bled everyday for 18 months) I am 24. I also suffered from constant yeast infections, my doctor said it was worth a go otherwise I would have to rely just on condoms. So I had the Mirena inserted about two months ago and what can I say?? My breasts are no longer sore, my spots have improved, I 've lost over half a stone, not one bit of spotting (a real worry) and the most important thing of all....no thrush! I am absolutely gobsmacked! My sex drive is slowly returning also, it seems mad that such a small device can seemingly mend years of infections.
I have been able to focus so much more, I feel like my life is back in order. I 'm able to do things that I would struggle with in the past. Some of the feelings in my body are numb when I do the activities, which is different. All my anxiety is gone. I don 't feel hungry often, and I randomly crash for sleep. This is only the second day on it, so I 'll see what happens next.
If you have had shingles you know that the pain doesn 't go away after the rash is gone.  I couldn 't take it anymore so I  talked to a Neurologist who prescribed Horizant twice a day and in one week the pain was already less severe.  I have been on this medication for 3 months and feel a lot better.
Contracted Hep C in late teens. No symptoms until in my 50s (year 2000). Went on Interferon &amp; Ribavirin for all of 2001. Brutal drug regimen with daily shots to go with it. Lost 40 pounds while eating 3 times my usual calorie intake. Basically like having the flu accompanied with diahrea and bizarre emotional effects. Anxiously awaited a drug that could cure Genotype 4 and would be paid by my insurance. My excellent liver specialist and his care team pushed hard and got me approved. Started taking Harvoni 1st week at 5pm in case I had bad reaction didn 't want to be sick during the work day. Experienced increased insomnia but no other side effects so switched to mid morning breaktime with food and problem gone. I am extremely grateful!!
I was prescribed a five day round with the Z-pak after developing a severe flu-like upper respiratory infection with stuffed and painful sinuses plus aches, sore throat, diarrhea, muscle pain, nausea, and more. I had a Rituxan infusion, and all of this started the next day (common side effects or adverse events). I have rheumatoid arthritis, and my immunosystem is screwed to begin with and the Rituxan infusions temporarily make it worse. So I picked up a bug; bam!Long story, short ending. The Z-pak began working almost immediately, and two hours after my second pill of 250 mg (first was 500) I don 't feel sick. My sinuses are still a bit clogged but that 's livable. I 'm impressed.
Been taking Opana for 15 months now and couldn 't be happier. Diagnosed with DDD in my L-4, L-5, S-1. scoliosis, and fibromyalgia 3 years ago. My PM doctor put me on MS Contin 60 mg 2xs a day which I had an allergic reaction to%u2026 My feet and legs swelled up. He then put me on a fentanyl patch 75mcg, which my body did not tolerate, I ended up getting pains down my neck and severe nausea. A guy ran a red light and T-boned my side of the car. In the hospital they gave me dilauded for pain, which completely took my pain away. My doctor decided at that point to put me on EXALGO 12.5mg 1x a day. Worked better than anything! Insurance stopped covering it, GAHH. Put me on Opana ER 20 2x a day and IR 3x a day. Amazing! No side effects!!!
Nastiest pill ever taken! Ugh the taste is horrible and I never got passed it. Took the pill 2 times a day (I took it day and night) for 7 days. Smell disappeared after the 1st day and other symptoms (such as burning) disappeared after the 3rd day. Only side effect I experienced was darkened urine but that 's it. I would definitely take this again!
I would never in my life take this again. The pain agony sweats light headed was horrific. I feel sorry for the person who takes this if they experience what I did.
I have been taking Asacol for my UC for 6 years now. I strongly recommend taking it 3 times a day (I take 3 pills, 3x per day), it is better to have a higher frequency of the drug in your system. I haven 't had a flare in 3 years, it is has provided great results.
I found this while looking for Acetaminophen to add to my prescription pain relief and the a comparable price so I gave it a try.  The sciatica that was keeping me awake at night was virtually gone within 30 minutes.  It 's a pain reliever that I would recommend to anyone with low back/sciatic pain.  I don 't know why it works better than Acetaminophen alone, but it 's well worth the price!
I used this when I had cancer. Now I feel like when I was a kid. It is number one.
I use this medicine since several years now, and my triglyceride level has dropped 20-30. Also my cholesterol is OK now. I use 4 grams a day.
I have been dealing with Psoriasis since I was 17. I have tried everything under the sun (Including the Sun lol) Nothing seemed to work. The creams and ointments eased the intense itchiness but never cleared my skin. Finally my DR gave me injections. I have tried two other types before Taltz. One seemed to work but my liver enzymes went through the roof. Another cleared all the scales and flakes but my skin was always red. Then my DR said Taltz. I said ok.  Taltz is the BEST. I didn 't have any side affects outside of the welt at the injection site which only lasted a few days. My skin was completely clear in a few days - weeks. I loved my skin again. It had been so long since I could say that.  With the discount card my co-pay was $5.00.
My daughter has tried almost every ADHD drug there is.  She is a junior in high school and has a very busy schedule.  Daytrana is the only way she is able to get her homework done.  She takes the patch off an hour before she is done and off to sleep she goes.  This is the only medication that does not have harsh side effect for her.  I hate that I have to drive all over town to find a pharmacy that has it in stock.  I sure hope this shortage ends soon!
Vascepa since 4/1/2013, 79 years old, T1 D since 1957. Other meds=40 mg/day Zocor&gt;20yrs; Insulin.   HbA1c =6.5; FBG=111 mg/dL.Total Cholesterol=144 mg/dL;  TGCs=63 mg/dL;  HDL=61 mg/dL;  VLDL=13 mg/dL;  LDL-C=70 mg/dL;   C-reactive protein=2.2 mg/dL;  APO B=60mg/dL;  Lp-PLA2=216; EPA=7.0%;AA=5.3%;EPA/AA ratio=1.3; DHA=2.1%; O-6/O-3 ratio=1.8;  O-3(EPA  DHA) Index=9.1%, optimal&gt;3.2%.No side effects known; no aches; DES(dry eye) disappeared within 3-4 days 1st dose; walking speed is better, feel  more flexible. Vascepa is easy to use; PCP[I.M.] describes my health as excellent, and that Advanced CV risk parameters=excellent profile and optimally suppressed.
This is an update from a previous posting. I am currently on my 6th week of Skyla and though it hasn 't been a walk in the park, I still am very happy with my decision. Bad side effects: cramping is very random and almost on a daily basis. They 're usually pretty quick, a few minutes or so but can sometimes make me double over in pain. Had a few weeks of spotting but it 's pretty much subsided. Haven 't really had a full period yet which is weird for me. Positive side effects: sex drive has increased where before (on the pill) it was practically nonexistent. I 've also lost about 10 lbs! Since being on the pill, I had gained about 20. My energy also seems to have increased! 6 week check up tomorrow, hopefully all is well!
I 've had acne since I was about 12 years old. I 'm now 21 and on my last month of Accutane (month 4). I can 't believe how good my skin looks and it 's even helped with some of the scarring. I did experience some of the side effects. My lips got really chapped and I would experience nose bleeds, but chap stick and a moisturizer helped with both of those issues. My mood definitely changed for the worse, but I wouldn 't go as far as to call it depression. I was just a lot more moody than before. I also slept a LOT. I was always groggy no matter how much sleep I got. But to me, 4 months of these side effects is totally worth how great I feel now. I can walk out of my house with zero makeup on and feel beautiful, just like any young woman should.
Excellent medication for my Panic disorder. You need to take it for 2 weeks before feeling any improvement, no real side effects, yawning and tiredness mainly.
This medication is really great for anxiety. I use it for severe anxiety related to interviews and relationships. It makes me feel like a person again, rather than someone who 's under attack and needs to flee from an oncoming threat. I can actually function when I take it instead of hyperventilate and being suicidal. It 's excellent.
Been on Contrave for one month exactly as of yesterday. I 've already lost 14 pounds. Not sure really how that 's working due to the fact it has not one time curb my appetite. I am however extremely tired. At times it 's so intense that I can 't stop yawning for an hour straight. I will continue this product, because the reward seems outstanding at this point.
I just got mine today. I am 38 years old. I have some bone on bone. I found a great doctor.  They marked my knees...sprayed something to numb it. BAM NO PAIN, I FELT MORE PRESSURE THAN ANYTHING. Walking out, I felt AWESOME. NO CREAKING IN THE KNEES AND I AM ONLY ON VISIT ONE. CAN 'T WAIT.
I 've been on this pill for 3 years now.  I had been taking Seasonique, but had some weight gain and mood swings so my doctor recommended Quasense.  I experienced some light spotting after the first month, but nothing more.  No acne, no depression, and no real weight gain.  I 've noticed that I retain water more than ever before, but I cut back on the sodium and increased my water intake, which is a good thing to do anyway.
I LOVE THIS STUFF! I 'm not a person with horrible acne but I started to break out more and that was annoying so my doctor prescribed me this and seriously over night my face was 10x better! Now I 'm on day 6 and I only have two zits and my face looks really good! I 've had no irritation or redness, but I had a little dry skin which was easily fixed with a more moisturizing lotion! Over all I give this product a 10/10 it 's so amazing!
Tonight will mark my first week on Victoza.  I am on this medication primarily to get my blood sugars within normal range, with the added hope of weight loss.  I am amazed that within one week my numbers - fasting and non-fasting - are within normal range.  I hope this will continue to be the case.  I have been plagued by nausea and fatigue this first week.  We 'll see what tonight 's increase to 1.2 mg brings.  I also began to exercise on a daily basis.  I started out slow, and will continue to increase my activity.  My clothes are fitting me better, but I don 't know exactly how much weight I 've lost.  I don 't really want to know as in the past I have sabotaged myself when I began to loose weight.
It is a miracle pill! After saying that, you HAVE TO WANT TO QUIT! It does not take away the psychological aspect of smoking, just the need of the nicotine. Your going to want to smoke out of habit, you must learn to change the habits you had. Saying that, I 'm amazed by Chantx!!! I have been smoke free for 3 weeks and will never look back:) Only side effect I suffered was nausea once, because I didn 't eat! You must eat something when you take it. No dreams, no mood swings, no depression. I 'm 100% satisfied and would recommend Chantix to anybody wanting to quit!!
I have been using LoEstrin FE 1.5/30 since Sept 2012.  I 've been on various other BC pills since 1999 and this is hands down the best I 've experienced.  I have zero side effects.  My cycle is perfectly 28 days (to the hour), my period is short (2 days) and light (I use light absorbency tampons or a pantyliner).  I cannot recall the last time I experienced cramps, and I only ever have acne in places I touch my face. I love this pill.
Don 't be afraid of this drug it 's AMAZING!! I frequently get violent migraines and prefer NON-opioid treatment since I usually drive myself to the Urgent Care or in some cases the ER and don 't have help with transportation. I also noticed that I get rebound headaches from opioid based pain meds as with Toradol I do not experience that. Toradol has worked quite well intravenously as well as injected. When I visit the ER they give a cocktail of terodol/methadone/steroid. It 's a great combo that covers pain, nausea and inflammation. I personally have a weak/sensitive stomach and do not experience any upset stomach or nausea from it. (however the methadone is given for nausea since I usually am dry heaving from the migraine pain)
I started taking velaflaxine (Effexor) about 2 1/2 weeks ago I started on half of a 75 mg pill and now have moved up to a full pill. At first you experience some side effects like loss of appetite, fast heart beat, hot flashes and a little numbness down below. But everyone is different and everyone reacts differently. After almost three weeks of taking it I already feel relief. My anxiety is getting better and better, and I sleep so much better at night cause I can actually relax for once! I 'm looking forward to seeing how much better I feel after two months of taking it. If you are willing to pressure through the rough side effects then the benefits are so worth it!
I started taking Sprintec last spring as my first birth control. I 'm 18. When I first started using it I broke out all over my face and I hadn 't had problems with acne since I was 14 and on top of that it made me depressed and very moody. After two months I decided to get off of it. I got back on it again this winter and I only broke out for the first few weeks, but this time I didn 't seem as depressed or moody so for now I have no problems with it. My breasts have grown a whole cup size which I love and my skin has now started to clear up. I am currently being treated for a urinary tract infection which I 've never had before and I 'm not sure if it has anything to do with the birth control. My period lasts 3-4 days which I love.
Skeptical at first but I absolutely love it. On my third month and no side effects. Period starts like clock work 3 days after I take it out, and last about 3 days. I give it a 9 because I do dry out during intercourse, otherwise it 's been great!
Been on trulicity for a little over a year. A1c has gone from 6.8 to 5.4 and weight from 288 to 240. The only complaint is the constant feeling of being full. It definitely affects  your appetite and if you do overeat you feel sick. I 'm in the process of tapering off of this drug for something with less side effects. Hopefully a small dose of metformin within a year.
I love this gel. Just 10 seconds after I put it on an area with severe pain, the pain is gone completely for 2 hours. I couldn 't believe it the first time I used it. I take some other strong prescription medication for knee and back pain and the medications don 't do as good a job on the pain as this gel. I wish I could use it more than 4 times a day, but during my waking hours, it is a God send. Thank you, thank you, thank you! I would do a commercial for Voltaren Gel anytime, for free!
I 've been on this medication for a little over a week and it is working. I began at 295lbs and am currently weighing 280.6lbs. Now, although it is working, I feel a bit of nausea most of the day. I also have briefly felt a bit of discomfort in my left arm. However that occurs rarely.  I just don 't care for the persistent fuzziness and the nausea. But I love the weight loss.
I have been reading the reviews and the weightloss seems small but then i see your starting weight, I started at 418 pounds. I have been on it for one week with the south beach diet and i lost 8 pounds already. I don 't think that this is a drug for people who need to lose 20-25 pounds, the side effects are worth it when you are losing weight to save your life but not worth it when you can easily do it with exercise and hard work alone. I plan to only take this drug to get me through my bad eating habits. That being said, I have only had the side effect of feeling a little out of it so far and nausea.
I have been dealing with cold sores for the past 10 years.  I usually would only get 2 per year during an extreme weather change. I 've tried Abreva, Releev, Campho, etc....  Nothing really worked at all accept drying the area.  Well this Fall and Winter season, I had 3 outbreaks and at the 3rd, I said enough is enough.  I read all the reviews online and decided to go with the Zovirax ointment.  I got a prescription from my dentist 1st day I noticed the tingling (prodromal stage).  The meds indicate this is the best time to start applying.  I applied several times the first day and the next day I woke up and hardly saw a thing on my lip.  I applied the ointment about 5 times that day even tho it seemed to be gone.  3rd day GONE!!!  Miracle!!
Works well - much better success than with other medicines that I have taken for Overactive Bladder.
I love relafen aka nabumetone. I have OA, chronic low back pain, and chronic pain syndrome. It works best of all prescription nsaids I have tried. And believe me, I have tried a lot. I 've become allergic to some, some just plain don 't work, or cease working over time. I have been taking nabumetone for over 3 yrs now, no need to increase dose, no side effects. I absolutely swear by it. It 's very rare that I even need to take anything for break thru pain.
I recommend this for any adult that can take it. It works super fast unlike other cough medicines. Kind of expensive but worth the money to feel better. Be very careful if taken this. It made me tired and sleepy. I also itched some. But I stopped coughing and I could breath.
I started taking it 24th Jan 2013, I weighed 414lbs. It 's now 30th Jan and I weighed in at 405 lbs. Total pounds lost in 7 days 9lbs. It curbs the hunger and I don 't crave for food. I am drinking lots of water and I have 2 cups of Green Vegs a day. Side Effects so far has been Insomnia however my doctor prescribe sleeping pills which I take 1 at night and I sleep right through. Will keep you all posted on Weightloss.
I used it for toenail fungal infection. No side effects.  I had tried every other over-the-counter and prescription topical medication I could find. This was the last hope my podiatrist had given me.  IT WORKED.  Within 4 months toenail grew back and was fungus free for three years.  Just got it back in big toe and using Naftin gel to hopefully get rid of it again.
Xanax has been a lifesaver for me. I was getting it prescribed at 1mg 3x daily and my life was as close to perfect as I can ask for.  I made it to work every day and was able to concentrate at school.  I can honestly say that I wouldn 't have made it through college without it. The problem now is that not 1 psychiatrist is willing to prescribe it to me.  They keep giving me Abilify, Prozac, Vistaril, and trazodone.  I guess they figure if I am like a ZOMBIE ALL DAY I won 't complain. 
I love this birth control. I switched from Lo loestrin FE because I would get two periods on that (one in week 2 of active pills and one during the placebos) and my doctor said I needed to up my estrogen dose. I was so nervous to start this because of various negative reviews, but I 'm almost finished with my first pack and I 've had no horrible side effects at all. The first week there was mild bloating and I 've had breast tenderness (more than usual) but other than that it 's regulated my bleeding and I 've gotten no other side effects! Give this pill a chance!
I suffered from moderate depression. This medication balances me out pretty well overall. I don 't have the horrible anxiety filled days that I previously had before taking this. I have been taking it for about a year now. The only side effects I had weren 't too serious. I 'd occasionally get an upset stomach but I figured out that 's avoidable if I take it with food. Also I had (and still have) crazy vivid dreams nearly every night but that 's harmless.
This is an incredible drug - I 'm 25 and living with MS. Subsequently I have terrible spasms in back that are non-stop. I 've been on this drug for over three years and have absolutely no complaints. I 've tried 12 other pain meds before this - all of them making me very high, nauseated or sleepy. Then comes along Dilaudid - my doctor decided to try me on it because I was having such a hard time with all of the other drugs. From the moment I took the first dose I have been pain free - without any side effects what-so-ever.Because I have been on it for so long I have become tolerant to it so I have to begin the search for a new drug. Anyone looking for a pain med - this is the route to go.
I have smoked for 32 years and I 've tried everything to stop. I have now gone on to the Inhaler. Omg I can 't believe it works..... When I feel the need to smoke I grab it and the urge goes straight away
Just started Qsymia 9/24/13 weighing in @ 239lbs as of this morning 10/4/13 I weighed in at 232.6lbs. Eating a little healthier, smaller meals more frequently only drinking water or freshly brewed unsweetened Tea, no carbonated beverages, nothing with high fructose corn syrup and nothing with any artificial sweeteners. And I have to be honest I am no by any means a gym person I haven 't stepped foot in a gym in years, however I do stay very active with housework inside and outside of the home, which after a while is exercise in itself. Also I find I can go on very little sleep, I am full of energy and feel great. This is a miracle in my book. Good luck everyone.
Midrin is lovely for my migraines- I was taking 800 mg of ibuprofen a day for them, and now I only have to take one Midrin for a headache to completely go away. There was slight nausea and change of appetite, but that 's to be expected.
61 adult male- ADHD, 5 ' 10&quot;-215 lbs. Heart disease w/ 2 stents (on BP medication) &amp; hip replacement 8 weeks ago. Athletic with the fat in sides, back and chest not much in the stomach. Weight a challenge based on years of yo-yo diets and from high school and college sports.  Finishing up week two of single doses in the morning &amp; evening.  By day three aspects of the drug positively lessened ADHD effects. Certain obsessive personality components are noticeably lessened that also included eating routines. Started working out heavy at beginning of Contrave and gained 5lbs by end of first week due exercise.  Appetite was down by day 6.  HR &amp; BP low at a 204lbs by 2nd wk w/ exercise &amp; eating healthy. Reduced BP meds but some dizziness starting day 7.
I have chronic pain from several herniated discs and  spinal stenosis. I also have fibromyalgia. I began taking Zanaflex last month and the relief is wonderful. I no longer hurt and spasm all night and now I can sleep instead. I take 4mg tabs 2 at bedtime and go immediately to bed as it makes me drowsy right away and I become dizzy if I stay up. I wake up rested with no hangover at all and feel good the next day. I take narcotics during the day for pain relief and the addition of this to my regimen is great. I love it.
I 'm 19 and have been on this birth control since I was 16. I love it so much I 've never noticed any bad side effects. I have gained weight but that 's probably because I 've gotten older. I recently just switched to the nuvaring because I am horrible at remembering to take the pill and am more sexually active now.
I have had no gran mal seizures now for 4 years.  I was on regular enteric coated Depakote since 1989 but always seemed to have a break through seizure every 2 to 3 years.  I am on 1750 mg of Depakote ER now per day and I weigh about 175 lbs and am a 5.5 foot man.I was once diagnosed with complex-partial seizures because I had a psychomotor seizure and petit mal once or twice, but most of mine have been gran mal/ tonic/clonic.
I am a 59 year old women who has successfully cured of my Hep C. for 2 1/2 years. I Had contracted Hep C from a blood transfusion in 1985.. My acute phase I was fluish, fatigued and very nauseous.  Fast forward 25 years and the chronic phase began with nausea, extreme rashes, and terrible fatigue.  I felt 80 years oldI  I was Genotype 1 with liver stage 3 and viral load off the chart.  I waited for the new medicine to be approved and started my 12 week treatment.  I took Sovaldi, ribavirin and Interferon. I was very sick from the shots.  I got C-diff, it lasted 1 month.  I did not respond to the antibiotics.  Then I developed multiple blood clots in my legs.  It was a hard 12 weeks.  But today I feel like I have a new life!  Life is good
I was on all kinds of other painkillers prior to Subutex. I was not only in chronic pain from a shoulder injury (and failed surgeries), but I was also addicted and dependent upon Oxycontin and Norco for about 5 years. I found a doctor who originally put me on Suboxone, then I switched to Subutex since there was a generic available. I now have been clean and pain free for almost a year thanks to Subutex. It is a wonderful drug, I have a clear mind, and a normal life. My pain doesn 't override the other parts of my life any more. It truly saved my life!
I have been on Prozac for about 3 months and I must admit that it is a wonderful drug. It helps me control anger and anxiety issues that I have. My only complaint is that I seem to get tremors, but I could live with that.
I 'm a 52 yr old male with a weak left Sacroiliac joint and often get a nerve pinch (L5L6) that 's cause shooting pain down my leg or difficulty standing up straight. I take Celebrex for 2-4 days and it clears right up. It 's been amazing for me.
Zyrtec works well in combating cat dander allergies as well as allergic rhinitis. The best I 've found.
I sleep great with this medication.
I 'm 22 years old, it was my first time using any type of pill, I was really worried I 'd be getting pregnant after I had sex. So the next day I woke up like super early in the morning and I went to Target and I got this Plan B pill. But before buying it, I searched all over the internet so see the reviews and side effects and all that. I went home and that day I really didn 't eat anything because I was feeling low. Like I wasn 't in the mood for anything at that time. So I read that if you don 't eat anything that it might make your stomach hurt and all. So I just had a glass of milk and I drank a little bit of water. Than I took the pill with water like any regular pill. For me it worked no side effects. :) girls this will help you.
Methylfolate has been a great addition to Paxil for me.  After about 7 years on Paxil CR, it wasn 't working as well for me. Instead of increasing the dose, methylfolate has helped me feel good again.  It 's important for me.
2 weeks in, my experienceThe good:Clear focusAppetite suppression Increased libidoCalm demeanorLower anxiety Able to get out of the house and interact with peopleThe bad, but have subsidedDizzyNauseous Insomnia, now i take it around 2pm vs before bedDrug is always unavailable when doc refills .Expensive without insurance Better than wellbutrin, Lexapro and abilify.So far so good
After 10 years of struggling with heightening anxiety, I came very close to breaking point, and checked myself into a wonderful private psych hospital - which at the time, I found absolutely terrifying. Little did I know, my timing was perfect, as I met my new doctor (an angel/psychiatrist) who made an OCD diagnosis straight away. With him, I started on 100mg of Luvox, which had a positive effect within 2 days. We increased my dose to 200mg per night, which has continued to work superbly ever since (and it 's been 1.5 years). I can 't speak highly enough of Luvox, which is the one and only medication I 've tried. The biggest thing I 've learnt about OCD, is that the  'cure ' (aka, return to the healthy pool) = medication + psychology + lifestyle!
I am on my second insertion of Implanon; I have never had any side effects. The removal of the first insertion left a scar so small that if I didn 't know it was there I wouldn 't see it - it 's literally the size of a pin tip. The insertion itself is painless, as was the removal. The doctor will use lidocaine and iodine to numb the area. It 's very simple and easy and only takes about 15 minutes for the entire process. On my first insertion I only bled for a week or so and nothing after that. On my second insertion I never bled at all. I highly recommend this birth control!
Had a condom mishap with a guy I was dating. I 'm on birth control but had missed a pill that week and was worried that I wasn 't protected. Took the pill 16 hours after the incident. Had no side effects for a few days, but was extremely anxious as I waited for my period which was two weeks away. After 3 days I did have some abdominal cramping that felt like bad period cramps. That went away around day 6 at which point my skin broke out with acne. I continued taking my seasonique birth control during this time. Finally, 16 days after the incident my period started. I took several pregnancy tests to make sure that I was not. Not sure how helpful the pill was in the long run, but it was a good lesson to really be diligent with your bc pills.
Awesome, three day step and start helping as soon as you start using the medicine
First week I felt fatigue and almost stopped taking it. But I wasn 't sure if it was the medicine or something else going on? Also almost immediately I had no desire to drink alcohol, I was in the habit of drinking wine almost daily. So this was amazing to me. (reading more, it 's also used for stop smoking and drinking, well that certainly happened for me) I 've been taking it for about 2 months and I 've lost 15 pounds and I 'm also following a low carb diet too. I also found that my mood improved too...I feel less moody and just calmer and happier....which is making my boyfriend very happy. LOL, I 'm in my early 50 's so I think I was going through the change and it was affecting my moods. Overall....it 's been working great for me.
First time in years I was pain free Better than an pain medicine I have ever used
You are extremely tired in the beginning but it goes away and you are back to your normal routine. I take 20mg at night and am and headache and migraine free. Its great.
I 've been on Aubra for a month now. My experience with this birth control was really great. I didn 't know what to expect on this pill but I ended up having a great experience. I had little to no nausea and I only got a tiny bit emotional the week of my period. I love being on this pill. It eased my cramps a lot and doesn 't make me break out. I will continue to use this birth control.
This is my MIRACLE drug! I 've suffered with migraines since around the age of 16, now 33. I 've tried tons of different medications but Relpax, although terribly expensive, has been the ONLY solution for me. The only real side effect I have trouble with is entire body sensitivity to touch. Literally, just putting a bar of soap to my skin hurts. However, it 's only temporary and I 'd much rather that temporary feeling than a migraine. Can 't wait until there is a generic! GREAT medicine!
I have IC of the bladder and it helped a bunch!!
At first I did have the stomach problems  but after 2 weeks I 'm good I been on the injection for 3/4 months and I have lost 45lbs I feel great no more high blood pressure and my A1C was 6.7 now it 's 5.3 I love it 
I was addicted to opiate pain killers for a little over a year, and it got to the point where if I didn 't take them I would get cold sweats, body aches, and diarrhea. My whole world revolved around taking vicodin or Norcos. I had to take them just to feel normal. Then I heard about a drug called Suboxone. I went to a drug rehabilitation clinic, and they prescribed it to me. Twenty minutes after taking it I felt 100 times better. I can 't believe how amazingly it worked. Some people try to say that it is just substituting one drug for another, but that is definitely not the case. Suboxone was not at all addictive nor did it cause me to have withdrawls. It is an awesome drug and I definitely recommend it to anyone with opiate dependence.
I have been on foradil for years, and have had to find a new replacement as it doesn 't seem available any longer.
I feel like I 'm not a mean and hated person wile being on Xanax. I have been suffering really bad lately with panic attacks and I can 't breath and my cheat falls like to explode. My doc put me on 0.5mg to take 1 a day but sometimes I have to take more than 1 a day but it works wonders. I can be a better mom and wife with it.
Saved my life! Had major postpartum tried for 3 months on different antidepressants nothing worked until Nardil ! Thank you Nardil ...
I love this medicine. I am getting ready to go to Hawaii and sure enough, started to get a cold before the trip.  I took this, along with drinking Emergen-C, and it dried up my nose and my cough was gone within 3 hours and I have yet to cough again.  Only downside (and this could be because I 'm only 105 lbs), but it did give me the runs.  Fair trade considering I can now breathe without coughing on everyone.
Keeps me in  good sinus rhythm must be careful of red wine which can put me temporarily into arythmia but I automatically return to sinus in 24 hrs of so
After being diagnosed with high triglycerides, I took Tricor for approximately 10 years.  It controlled my triglycerides to just within the normal limit.  After my insurance would no longer pay for Tricor, and I switched to the generic fenofibrate, my triglycerides and liver enzymes went back up.
At 42 and suffering migraine attacks with aura from a young age I have tried lots of meds,acupuncture with no real success,I started of on 25mg of topamax then increased a month later to 50 mg which made me like a ticking time bomb towards my family so dropped back to 25mg at night no more and been having excellent results,when I do get a migraine the pain is very minimal  if any and can continue working which would never happen before I would be out for days ,just stay on low dose ,I find once well in your system works well.
Ditto all the positives written by other reviewers.  I don 't understand why it was nearly impossible to get the clinic to prescribe....  I was so miserable on synthroid which I struggled with for 8 mo...with worries of health issues growing.  I quit. And for the next six years at every doctor appt. I flat out refused synthroid.  I think one of the 20 plus fillers was the issue.   Doing my own research I begin requesting Nature Thyroid.  Was told the clinic  only prescribed synthroid. 16 months ago I won!  And have been happy since on NT.  UNBELIEVABLE then when I moved and my new doc in different state suggested I change.  No way.  I 'm very happy with Nature Thyroid and think  the medical profession is 75 years behind the times.
I like Seroquel for sleep better than ANYTHING I 've tried ( Trazodone, Ambien, Restoril, Melatonin, Ativan, Benadryl, and Hydroxzine). Its the best out there... Except for the ultra vivid dreams!
I 've been on insulin since 1985, most recently Humalog and Lantus, I;ve been taking Tresiba for 6 weeks now, 30 units at bedtime and I almost never use the Humalog unless I eat something high in carbs. It is almost like being off the multiple shots I was on at every meal, I recently got a Dexcom CGM and can monitor my sugars constantly.
My 16 year old daughter began this medication in October and it has been a blessing for her overwhelming anxiety. She is now able to function normally. She has joined swim team at her high school and began taking piano lessons. She is getting out and spending time with her old friends and making new ones. Prior to the medication she was so anxious that she could not speak in class or raise her voice above a whisper outside of our home. The anxiety she experienced prior to the Sertraline was completely debilitating.  She is getting talk therapy, exercising regularly and eating a balanced diet along with taking the medication. I was initially very opposed to &quot;drugs.&quot; Now I feel I denied my child nessessary medication. Don 't be afraid to try it!
Lyrica has been a  big life changer for me!! Thank goodness I found a Dr who prescribed me this. I was in terrible pain and had bad fatigue to where I couldn 't live life-- I have 3 kids who I couldn 't keep up with. I can 't say that everything is perfect now but it 's pretty darn close! I hardly have any pain and my fatigue has decreased. I take 75 mg twice a day. I pray for everyone with Fibro to keep working at it until you find something that works.
I have had psoriasis for many years (40) and have seasonably felt the conditions itchiness during the springtime.  This year, fed up with the condition, I used Ultravate liberally on all areas where condition exists, but this time, I also exposed the area so UV rays of 9 and above for quite some time, building up to an exposure of one hour in the sunlight.  Did not find suntan booths beneficial.  Where psoriasis use to be, now it is only an area that you can see, but it no longer itches.  I also use coconut oil on the areas to keep the moisture in.  After sun exposure, use coconut oil on top of the Ultravate and go in the shade and let the ultravate and coconut oil kind of dry up.  It works for me.
I have been diabetic since 1989 and have gotten worse over the years.  My A1C has been climbing steadily.  I take Metformin 2500 mg per day.  In March my Dr started me on Januvia also and I can 't believe the difference.  My A1C went from 9.4 to 7.0 in 4 months.  I am also surprised I haven 't had any side effects because it seems many meds bother me.  My problem now is my new health insurance won 't cover Januvia as of Jan 2016.  Yuck.
I have IC, and sometimes it is unbareable. I have prescription strength 200 mg tabs. I take one of those along with an antihistimine, and drink a big glass of water. Fight the urge to urinate for about an hour. Put heat on the bladder or take a hot bath. Finally when I urinate i feel relief. Still fight the urge and urinate at most once an hour. The flareup should calm. This medicine is literally a lifesaver for IC. I only take the medicine during a flareup, not a regular medication.
Was suffering from PTSD following  sudden end of marriage  ... I could not seem to  ' hold it together ' and reluctantly took 10g citralopram for the sake of my children and job ... I had no side effects apart from no appetite for a few weeks ... Within 4 weeks I was feeling so much better ... It  'took the edge  ' off my distress but I did not feel in anyway out of control or not totally myself . I took for 3 years ( tried to stop once but not ready) ... I have now been off it for 8 months after withdrawing over a  3 month period very gradually . My biggest fears were ; feeling zombified, gaining weight ; being apathetic towards life ; being addicted ..none of these fears happened . I am grateful for citopram for getting me thru tough times.
I have tried three other medications for Benign Prostatic Hyperplasia, which were either ineffective or I didn 't like the side effects.  My doctor asked my insurance company to cover Cialis daily use for my BPH.  To my surprise, it was approved.  It has greatly decreased my frequent urination and I usually only get up once, at night, and sometimes not at all.  The side effects have been really good.  Although, my sexual funtioning, for someone my age (62), was considered normal, it was really problematic for me.  My wife and I had sex 1-3 times per week.  Since starting Cialis, about 9 months ago, it is pretty much a daily event.  I must say, this has been pleasing.
I am completely happy with Armour thyroid medication which I use after oblation due to hyperactivity of my thyroid. I was on synthroid but my body wasn 't able to convert T4 to T3. Once a thyroid patient you will always have slight fluctuations but overall I feel great!
I have used Synthroid, Tirosint, Levoxyl and now Lannet brand generic levothyroxine. I don 't believe it is the medicine that causes people to feel bad anymore. Over the last 3 years I have experimented with my health and on the generic I find that if I... *wait 1-2 hours after taking to eat *take with a full glass of water *give up caffeine *give up wine *exercise 3-4 times a week I feel great. And I 'm on generic. I never thought I would feel good unless I was on tirosint but it was my lifestyle, not my meds. I only pay $5 a month and I am doing great in life due to these changes. I felt sick and tired before we ever found out I have thyroid cancer- so I don 't think a medicine alone will solve all of our problems.
I checked myself into a mental hospital in 2011 and was put on this three times a day. I was eventually cut down to as needed and it 's still wonderful. Kpin (as I call it) curbs the panicky feelings within minutes and I sleep so well that it 's sometimes hard to get out of bed in the morning! Thank you, Roche--your little yellow pill is fantastic!
Love it. Makes you forget all about the pain, due to surgery. 
I have had a daily chronic migraine on top of the fibromyalgia since November 1999 along with several other problems. I have been on a LOT of different meds over the years.  I started taking Savella in October of 2012 and after I had my dose upped to 100 mg 2x daily I realized one day that I was having a bad migraine.  I then realized that I had been having many more good days than bad days and very few days spent laying in a dark room praying for overwhelming sleep.  I actually have had migraine free days!  My mood has been a little better, overall pain is somewhat better and I have had no side effects.  So overall I consider it a success.  I also still take Cymbalta, Neurontin, Topamax, Oxycodone and a couple of others. Good luck!
I absolutely love this birth control. I have always had really terrible periods that lasted for several days and I 'm only 16. My doctor told me the best thing to do was use birth control and I picked this one. I am so glad I did, no spotting, no cramps, some weight gain but it comes off, and my breasts have grown a little. I 'm starting the second pack soon and I hope the next pack will be as good as the first!
I used to be a paratrooper but as I aged I developed anxieties that eventually interfered with my daily life.  For example I became terrified of flying, driving in winter, or crossing bridges.  I got to the point where I would cross a bridge and even though I knew my fears were irrational, I felt like I would pass out when crossing one and would drive many miles to avoid them.  I was talking to a total stranger and mentioned my irrational fear of driving in winter and he suggested Paxil.  He was a rough neck hunter who developed a fear of climbing tree stands which made him unable to hunt.  I figured if it worked for him I should try it!  Thank goodness I did!  Game Changer!  I cross bridges and am amazed I ever feared them!
At 45yrs old, I have had challenges well over 35 yrs. My GI Dr. wanted a more natural approach for me, but it just didn 't work. Today I took 290 mgs and within 2-3 hrs I was in the bathroom. It was comfortable but watery and loose. I 'm okay with that verses the bearing down or squirming during a &quot;movement&quot;. I only have samples but will ask for a prescription from Dr. asap. I pray my insurance picks up majority of bill. But I 'm willing to save and make sacrifices. Best of luck. Oh and I took it at 10am on a Sun /off day.
I have been taking Norco now for about 2 months for severe migraines. It works great, it helps me finally get sleep and takes the pain away. 
I was prescribed this drug in sublingual tablet form to treat my horrible and frequent episodes of diarrhea (1-2 times a day). Anytime I feel that horrible pain and urge feeling, I take one of these tablets and the feeling is gone instantly. I get very sad when thinking about all of the years I missed out not having this drug, but am thankful to have it now. Only side effect i 've noticed is very slight dizziness and an faster heart rate. Also, the sublingual tabs will break up into a powder if you don 't keep them upright and not bouncing around.
I 've been taking topamax for over 10 years.  At first I  lost 30 pounds.  YIKES ! I stabilized and gained back some weight to a good weight for me. A few times I 've had tingling in my fingers that lasted avery short duration. I  've been a chronic migraine sufferer for over 30 years.  Started at 20 and I 'll be 54 soon. Like many...I  've been to many Dr 's and tried too many meds. This was the only thing that worked. Thankfully, for me, the side effects were minimal. Just because you have one bad experience, don 't suffer. Find something.  Meditation. ..something. You deserve a better life. We wouldn 't be on this board if we didn 't want to discourage or encourage someone else. Keep trying to live pain free.
Started taking lisinopril after previous high blood pressure didn 't help. Lisinopril brought my BP down to normal level and stabilized it pretty quickly. Have a slight dry cough but nothing too bad. No other side effects.
Writing this 5 hrs post-insertion on day 8 of cycle. I honestly scared myself silly from reading all the negative reviews about pain during insertion. Took ibuprofen 800mg an hour before insertion. It was just like getting a pap. The most painful part for me was pinching the cervix to straighten the uterus. It was like a period cramp but the whole insertion procedure lasted around 3 mins. Just a little uncomfortable but pain is tolerable. Period cramps are worse. For the price and efficacy and just the slight pain during insertion, I think it&rsquo;s worth getting especially as I don&rsquo;t have to worry about unwanted pregnancies for up to 5 years.No dizziness nor cramping afterwards. No pain too. Just a small drop of blood on the liner.
Took two pills a day for ten days, and started my cycle three days after the last pill. Felt nauseous the first day of taking the pill, but it did what it was supposed to do so no real complaints. Not sure if my cycle will regulate in the future, though.
this tackled the back pain without making me drowsy, a major bonus with two kids around.  It is hard on the stomach though so  I have to take it with omeprazole but that 's no big deal.  All my other pain meds make me feel so tired all the time, I 'm just relieved to find something powerful that doesn 't.
Had unprotected sex a day after my period ended and took Plan B 10 hrs later. No one told me it would make my period come again 5 days later. I looked up side effects and everything said if you bleed before your normal period then you may have an epitomic pregnancy. I 'd never been more terrified in my life. Thanks for this forum or else I 'd think something was wrong with me. So glad to see that it 's normal.
I have been using Acanya for a little over a week and love it.  I love that it doesn 't dry my face, but my skin has shown vast improvement. I should have seen a dermatologist a lot sooner.
I 've been on this medication for a week and I have already lost 7 lbs. I just up the dosage to 1.2 and my appetite is completely gone. But I noticed that it makes me urinate a lot. No side effects and loving it. Thank God I finally found something that 's really working for me without having to pop pills and it last all day 
This treatment has been truly transformational for me. I 'm on round 2, and already have gone from 24/7 chronic migraine with horrid aura to 4 days a week with the first round and now 2 days a week with this second round. My migraines are super short now... only an hour for the pain, and aura is much shorter lived at minutes to hours instead of days. The intensity of my aura is really really low now (instead of debilitating vertigo 24/7) and my pain is usually a 0-3 now with occasional 5 instead of 5-9 where it was before. It feels like I 'm on vacation. I was really skeptical to try Botox, but I had tried so many meds prior and was desperate. Now I 'm working again, spending time with my family, and enjoying life. Try it if you can afford it.
I give it a 10 because I was about to jump off a bridge in order to break the 18 day migraine I had up until this morning. It took 3 days of Migranal but I am FINALLY through the pain. I tried two rounds of steriods, Maxalt up to 3x 's/day for 2 weeks, and FINALLY this worked. Although I am cautiously optimistic, this is the longest I have gone in 18 days without the debilitating pain that became so severe I was willing to go to very extreme measures to get it to stop. Thank goodness my Neurologist thought of it.
I started taking Adipex back in March of 2009. I was weighing in at around 294lbs. I am currently down to 270lbs and feel great. I would have to say that this has completely changed my whole outlook on life. I have changed my eating habits and I exercise at least three times a week.
I had the mirena IUD for 4 and a half years before my husband and I decided to have a baby. I loved the Mirena. I had initial spotting when i first got it put in and pretty bad cramping for a week, which was expected. After that, all was a breeze. I had a regular period every month (and by that, I mean I had my period the same time, the flow was substantially lighter). The effectiveness was wonderful, as my husband and I didnt use any other kind of birth control and I did not get pregnant. I just got it removed today and I know to expect spotting and a pretty heavy flow for the next few days, but I love the fact that it is possible for me to get pregnant right away. I intend to use Mirena again in the future.
Victoza is all the things everone says. Burping, Nausea, Sleepiness No food cravings oh yeah and you lose your appetite and tons of weight and so much more. That was my goal... I am down 20 lbs in 4 weeks. I will suck it up so I can for once take something that will actually help me lose this awful weight and rid me of this Diabetes nightmare. One thing I can say is, it is not for whimps.
I was told that Lamictal might help me &quot;find strength&quot;.  Well, it did - a strength that was inside me all the time but was drowned out by fear. I have been on this pill for 10 months now and the horrible fear scenarios that have plagued me since an early age have all stopped. I am far more in charge of my life now. I only wish I could have had it before. First effects of pill were immediate, but it took some months to take full root.
After four years of trying different medications such as the  'dabber ', lotion the pill, two gels and tablets I have been perscribed Duac and I really hope it work! Had my first lot tonight so hopefully it might help!
I have been on Ocella for 2 cycles and have experienced lighter periods and no side effects except a slight headache during menstruation.  My skin is slowly clearing (I had small bumps from hormones around my jawline).  I am concerned it has been changed from a generic per posts.  I just picked up at Walmart yesterday and paid $10 so I am confused....?
Got my Iud placed at my 6 week pp check up. I was worried because I had heard many people have gotten pregnant with the mini pill and I 'm definitely not looking to become pregnant. Im so its hormone free bc now! I didn 't have to worry about my hormones getting anything thru my breastmilk.  Have had it for over a year now and its great.
After 2 days on a low fibre diet, on the 3rd day I mixed this with a small amount of orange squash in the afternoon and kept it in the fridge to chill. I began to drink it a 5pm through a straw, the taste is okay around 7.20pm after drinking water it began to work and boy what a result It felt like a flush of water coming out the other end this lasted until 10.30pm and I went to bed at 11pm no problems slept all night. I had the colonoscopy with gas and air at times it did hurt but keep puffing the gas and air and in no time it was over.  Bowel normal thankfully. You will not be allowed to eat after 9am the day before the morning procedure but drink lucozade it fills you up so you don 't feel hungry. Moviprep fills you up to it was quite a struggle to keep drinking it all.
I was diagnosed with bursitis of the hip.  I was in severe pain and went to go see multiple doctors before even being diagnosed. I was given Vicodin, Tramadol and an Anti inflammatory drug.  None of them did the trick.  After months of being in pain and to continuously argue with my Doctor that those prior pills were working he prescribed me Percocet.  It works wonders.  The first encounter with it made me feel really nauseous but once I was able to lie down it was amazing.  I don 't feel as though I am &quot;high&quot; on it but do feel as though I am back to my fun loving self.  My libido has increased and I am sleeping much better.  I work the graveyard shift and it 's hard enough to sleep and this puts and keeps me asleep.  Awesome to say the least.
Taste wasn 't nearly as bad as past treatments. I just gulped it down and chased it with one of the two 16 oz water chasers. Started working 15 minutes later- so far, three visits to the bathroom of 10-15 min each, and I 'm 90 minutes into it. Seems like it 's working as intended....thus far, nothing more than a noisy stomach and I 'm a bit chilled.
Ever since an accident 2 years ago, I 've had horrible muscle spasms and pain in my back/shoulders that plague me almost 24 hours a day. Flexeril made me so groggy and drowsy during the day that I couldn 't take it. My doctor has now prescribed Soma and I feel relief without the marked drowsiness I had with other muscle relaxants, even with taking it 3 x a day.
I got the Nexplanon about a month after having my son. I 've had it since October 2014. For the first 2 years, I had little/no sex drive. I just started getting it back, once my periods started regulating... I am expected to get the BC taken out November 2017, but considering getting it taken out soon. I bled for the first 4-5 months, sometimes heavy, sometimes light. I literally wore a pad EVERYDAY. After 5 months, I had no period for a year and a half. I only started getting a period in October of 2016. It started out light, but it came around every 28-30 days. I started out just spotting. This birth control isn 't for everyone, But it worked pretty well for me.
I had CIU for a year and half before my first Xolair shot.  For six months, I never went a day without hives, experienced the lip swelling and face swelling once (never want that experience again).  I was told by my allergist that I had exhausted all types of therapy so Xolair was my last and only option.  My first shot was in January, three days later I was hive free.  I took monthly shots for 6 months, no hives so we decided to try 6 weeks between shots, no hives.  It is August now - no hives!  Yes it is expensive but not being covered with hives from my head to my toes makes that worth it.  I would agree that it has made me gain about 10 pounds and I workout just about every day. I look like I am pregnant but not ready to give up yet.
Does extremely well with controlling chronic pain, but is also extremely addictive, and can even lead to abuse, especially in those predisposed to addiction.
I just started taking this medicine and completed 2 days thus far. I have noticed that my interest in food, especially the unhealthy stuff, is gone. Even the foods that usually are great at tempting me really have no effect at all. They all of a sudden have become easy to resist. Furthermore, when I do eat, I definitely don 't eat as much as I feel full sooner. I also noticed my mood has improved. In just 2 days I have lost just over 1 lb. My doctor did advise me that Belviq should be combined with diet and exercise. I am older so exercise becomes problematic as my joints are stiff. Anyhow I believe this medication will be helpful to those patients who tried everything and failed. I have had no side effects at this point although it is soon.
I 've been taking Linzess for a year and honestly can say it 's a life saver ! Of course like any drug it comes with its pros and cons but for the most part to not feel jam packed everyday is such a relief! I also need to plan my day around the drug and I have found a schedule most suitable for my daily routine. I work a full time job and get home around 5pm. I 'll take 145 mcg with a bottle of water and eat dinner. I know by now I will not have a BM until 8-9pm. FLUIDS are key! I have rapid diaherra then I 'm good to go to bed by 11pm. I 've also taken many times before drinking alcohol and the drug would not activate whatsoever (FYI, no other negative sides w/ alcohol). I also drop a few pounds and the following morning always look my leanest!
I suffer from SAD and in the winter it sometimes felt like I could actually feel the darkness, especially on dreary days. I 've been on Lexapro for 3 years and it has worked great. I only feel a tinge of &quot;heaviness&quot; if it stays dreary for several days, but even then it is nothing like it used to be.
I was prescribed cyclobenzaprine following Ankle Fusion  surgery for Avascular Necrosis of the Talus. Surgeon removed a portion of the Fibula to reform a new talus(ankle) following the removal of dead bone. Taking cyclobenzaprine is very effective in keeping muscle spasms at bay. At 7 weeks following surgery, the cyclobenzaprine appears as effective as the pain medicine (hydrocodone) in allowing me to sleep through the night. I think if I had to choose one medicine Cyclobenzaprine or Hydrocodone, I would choose the Cyclobenzaprine.
I have been on citalopram a couple of times. I have to say for me it has been a blessing. The first four weeks getting this drug into my system were HELL. I have never felt so terrible in all my life but I did know once I got through the initial &lsquo;adjustment&rsquo; period I would see the rewards and that I am.  See this drug through, it is hard work but you have to weather the storm to see the rainbow
I 've only been on Latuda for a week, what a difference it has made in my mood. It has lifted the depression &amp; debilitating anxiety. I take it along with Depakote &amp; Klonopin (both of which I 've been on for many years). I take it at night because it makes me sleepy. It does give me a &quot;lump in the throat&quot; sensation, for some reason, about an hour and 1/2 after I take it and that feeling lasts about 2-3 hours.  The next day it 's gone.  I will talk with my psych PA about it, to see what it may be.  I haven 't had this much motivation in a very long time, and it 's not a manic or hypomanic feeling, I just feel like living again.  I hope it continues to work well and doesn 't cause any intolerable side effects.
This is the best medicine for heartburn, reflux, gastritis, and etc. I had stomach problems for the longest until I took Zegerid. Prilosec didn 't work for me, neither anything else. I 'm finally happy, downside, I have to take one at least once a day or I 'll be hurting in the stomach. After I got a endoscopy on me and the biopsy was normal, I possibly got to take this pill for the rest of my life and I 'm only 24. I have mild gastritis.
I started taking this medicine after a long unsuccessful stint on methotrexate. Metho made me super tired and my hair fell out in clumps with almost no improvement in pain, stiffness, or energy level. Xeljanz changed my life! My hair also grew back full force on this medicine and my energy level is totally restored. I get a flare maybe twice a year on this medicine and have figured out that a prednisone taper and a month of this can kick me into a 4-8 month remission period. It really works and worked within the first week for me. I am 24 and have not experienced many side effects after the first week of pills. It has also decreased the severity of my seasonal allergies and totally eliminated the eczema I used to get all over the place.
Prescribed this for panic disorder. Just had a &quot;thought induced panic attack&quot;, I was crying and sobbing  uncontrollably, screaming, hyperventilating, pulling my hair out. The usual! Managed to take 30mg, having been completely dubious, within 30 seconds I just stopped. A wave of calm washed over me. Usually these episodes last 2 - 6 hours. Incredible medicine! Can 't actually believe it, I totally thought nothing could stop me.
I 'm on my 3rd month and I ONLY take this for regulating my period and the symptoms of it. The first month, my breasts hurt terribly. I had to give up running for a while because I could not handle it. That 's been the only major side effect I 've had beside I get more breaks out. (And they were hardly noticable) My periods are lighter, cramps are lighter. I use to cramp 4 days before and then during half the period duration, I just cramp maybe the first 1 or 2 days of period now.Weight has only decreased, no increased appetite. Im very happy with it so far! %u263A
I feel normal again. No hot flashes. I 'm sleeping at night. I started taking my pills at night because they make you a bit relaxed or tired but overall, I love it!! My doctor stated she doesn 't recommend taking it for more than two years. It 's been almost 8 months for me
I have been quite depressed with extreme anxiety, obsessive and compulsive behaviors, Extremely hard addiction to nicotine and some dissociative-psychotic features  since 2016 and tried a whole different variety of SSRIS, SNRIS, Mood Stabilizers, but this one at 225mg XL 7 Day is like a custom-made pill for me! 0 desire to smoke, 100 desire to live, socialise, feel empathy and have healthy relationships, the anxiety I can 't say for sure it 's completely away but i can say for sure that it has lowered at least 65% I feel like I had gone to sleep in 2015 and waked up in december 2017, no side effects so far.
The best thing ever invented lol. I 'm so happy I don 't ever have to worry. I literally got my period 3 times since I got it and that was January of 2015. No issues. I love it
I have been using Concerta for about 3 weeks now and it has changed my life drastically. I am a Film Writer and Director and can already tell a difference in the way I am filming, my co-workers as well can tell. It is awesome! The only side effect is that I am less hungry, which is okay in my book or in any other womans book. It is not a horrid loss of appetite but still, I have loss 5 lbs in 3 weeks. Which again is alright. ;D
I had an incisional hernia open surgery and developed a nasty surgical infection.I  was placed on this 500mg (3x daily) with cipro 500mg (2&times;daily).  I had 2 problems one was the metallic mouth taste and  the other was smell and insomnia  (worse then I had before).It took 4 days but together this did what it was supposed to do and my surgical infection started clearing up..
Just started coumadin.. one of the side effects is nausea. Has anyone taken promethazine for nausea from coumadin? I definitely think the Coumadin is causing this as started about same time.
I was a pretty girl who put on a lot of weight in College. I had resigned myself to being 5 '7 216 pounds. Well after trying phentermine and Jenny and Lipozene I tried Belviq. Here are the number six months, forty two pounds and looking sexy I might add. Feeling good and running a mile twice a week with some golf. The 75.00 program makes it affordable to anybody that want to improve their health.
Mucinex made my pain disappear if I took it along with a painkiller but not only that, it made everything better. All of my fibromyalgia symptoms were gone, but that may have been because I was taking Ginseng for energy and ginkgo for fibrofog. I still love Mucinex, it saved my life.
I have ordered this product, the Adipex-P and it really works for me..Thank you so much!
My husband just started Savella about 3 weeks ago.  He has had Fibromyalgia for 30 years and has been to countless doctors, tried vitamins, exercise, change in diet, etc. with only nominal relief.  He is AMAZED at the difference he feels on this medicine.  He doesn 't wake up with the aches or feels the chronic fatigue.  He has new energy.  Unfortunately, our insurance won 't approve it - due to not &quot;failing&quot; enough other treatments/medicines. 
I started in Nov of 2014 @ 185 lbs and am a 46 yo F, 5 '5&quot;. I have been an avid exerciser for about 12 yrs now so that wasn 't a problem for me. I found the qsymia most helpful in the area of energy. Ever since turning 40 I have struggled with energy and have found that a daily nap was necessary. I no longer need naps as a daily routine. I also get full much faster. I wasn 't given a diet program by my doc but I have stuck to approx 1200 cals a day, no processed foods or white sugar and do allow myself one cheat meal, incl wine once/wk on a date night w/my husband and have since week one. I have lost 33lbs and 43 inches! I 've found that the weight just keeps dropping ea week! This works!!
I had Mirena put in after having my 1st child. I had it removed about 2 years later to try for baby #2. I never had any negative side effects while using Mirena. I had no periods, spotting or cramping. My husband couldn 't feel the strings. No weight gain or any other horrible side effects. It was painless inserting and removing Mirena. And I got pregnant with baby #2 1 month after removal. Overall I loved this birth control. I have read alot of these reviews with negative comments and alot of these people say they don 't have any children. Mirena is supposed to be used by someone who has had a child. Maybe that is the problem. 
I never have a problem with this birth control. I 've been on Orsythia for at least 3 years. I see all of the bad reviews, which I find interesting. I 've never had a problem. I don 't get cramps anymore and I have a very light, short period. I 've never gotten pregnant. Very effective for me.
I suffer with bronchitis on occasion and someone told me about Mucinex DM.  I took one caplet and have been expelling the mucus ever since.  This medicine is great.  I recommend it to anyone who can take it.
Lost 20 pounds on 2nd month now going to 7.5 mg on 3rd month
Been on Depo Provera shot for 2 months. Don 't know if it 's still early not to experience any side effects. I 'm still happy on it and looking forward for my next shot. The only thing I 've noticed is weight loss, which I don 't have a problem with but so far so good.
I have been on Pristiq for about 14 days now...I love it ! I have NEVER been on any medications. I have 5 year old twins and felt tired, moody and couldn 't wait until bed time. I am up early now and have the energy to deal with it all. I have noticed some weight loss, which I really don 't need to lose any, but a few pounds would be nice. I only had side effects for a few days. My life is going great now.
I used the nuvaring for about 8 years as a birth control after my fist child. My periods were short and light (3 days) and it didn 't affect my mood. I had always suffered from heavy periods and the pills would make me irritable. There were times where my husband would feel it during intercourse but that just meant it wasn 't properly inserted. (Adjusted it and continued) though the package insert says you can have it off for 6 hours, I never dared to try. (Just in case) I stopped the NR when I was ready for my second baby and got pregnant in 4 months and had a tubal ligation. I recommend the ring to all of my girlfriends!
Helps me have less panic attacks which helps me be less violent. No more non-stop fighting.
I 've been on Paxil (20 mg) since 2000 at the age of 15 and have been on it ever since. I was always an anxious kid but my anxiety became debilitating at the beginning of high school and I would occasionally vomit in the morning due to anxiety and also experienced heart palpitations. After a physical and an echocardiogram revealed that I was physically healthy I began seeing a Psychiatrist who diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder and he prescribed me Paxil. After about two weeks of feeling run down and kind of flu-like it began working. I really don 't have any side effects and I still experience a wide range of emotions, even anxiety, though it is manageable.
This is by far the best colon prep I 've used having undergone 3 other colonoscopies. I drank the first dose in about 5 minutes and the second one in less than 10 minutes. Using a wide straw sure helped get it down easier. The first time I had to get to the bathroom in about 40 minutes and the second dose in about 30 minutes from first drinking. I was totally cleaned out by the time I had my colonoscopy which went very well - no polyps, just the diverticulosis, which I knew about from prior scopes of the pipes.Good advice-have baby wipes handy. The ones with aloe &amp; vitamin E are very soothing. Also some sort of ointment for the burning soreness. The Suprep made the experience much more tolerable. Good luck with your procedure!
I used this medication for 2 years. It took approximately 4 months of using it once a day to see the full results. It totally curbed my oily skin and reduced my breakouts significantly, though I would still have 1-2 pimples at any given time. In the last year of use, I applied it twice a day and used  an SPF50 sunscreen with it. I was FINALLY starting to see my scars fade when my doctor switched my medication:( I loved Benzaclin, and found it affordable since I have insurance.
Hi everyone! So I had my period on June 6th and the very last day my boyfriend and I had sex with a condom and some how we both finished without realizing that the condom slipped off into me. And my boyfriend wasn 't sure if he came inside me or not and I didn 't see any cum. This was about midnight when it happened and I will as freaking out. The next morning I went to CVS bought it for $53. Ate something then took the pill 8am. (8 hours after the incident) I felt so tired the first week that all I did was want to sleep. Then the following weeks I would feel nauseous and had stomach aches. To me I rather have all that then get pregnant. So I 'm on birth control pills so i continued to take them then on July 4th I got my period! stay positive! xo
I am 27, no children,  was on hbc for 10 years.  I 've had Paragard for one week and I could not be more pleased so far.  Insertion was unbearably painful,  but I went to Planned Parenthood and they give you nothing for pain or to open your cervix,  nor did they feel the need to schedule the insertion during my period.  I had a panic attack from the pain and my doctor couldn 't care less.  Glad I had my husband with me!! Anyway though,  the paragard itself is amazing.  After the initial pain subsided I spent the night with a heating pad and Ibruprofen. I had cramps for the next couple days then it stopped.  I got my period 3 days after insertion, no cramps,  not heavier than normal and it was over in 3 days.  I wish I had found this sooner!
I had one dose of the birth control shot and bled for 3 months straight. I was miserable. I switched to the patch and within a couple days, the bleeding stopped! I 've had very few side effects from the patch. I haven 't had the patch fall off or even move. I love it and I 'm so thankful that it made the bleeding stop!
I was very depressed for at least 8 years. After barely being able to do my basic mom duties, I decided to get help. My GP suggested Lexapro and I haven 't looked back in 2 years. My overall mood and outlook on life have dramatically improved and now, not every little mishap sends me to bed for days on end. I still have struggles as we all do, but this medicine has really been like the hand of God touching my life. Please don 't wait as long as I did to change your life and get back to your wonderfully made self!
I tried the patch, lozenges, all that. Failed every time. Smoking for me is so heavily built into my daily routine I just couldn 't give it up. Today is day 3 on Chantix and I already feel like I can go without a cigarette, no problem. I am excited and have hope that this is going to work for me. Can 't wait until tomorrow maybe I won 't light up at all and see how it goes. No side effects yet, great dream last night though.
Hi I promised that if it worked I would write a review here. I had sex the day after my period (April 25) and I took it just an hour later, he didn 't ejaculate inside me but it was unprotected and there was precum. I took 4 pills of levonorgestrel in the morning then 4 again 12 hours later. My period was supposed to come May 16 but it was late by 11 days. Levo will really mess up your cycle and give you sore breasts, mood swings and everything that might make you pregnant. Take a pregnancy test 21 days after sex and then again a week after! Don 't worry girls, just stick to the facts and get it as soon as possible before your ovulation (it might not work after). 10/10! Stay safe and don 't make decisions about sex without staying protected.
I get recurrent sinus infections and oral medications make me too jittery. This nasal spray within a few minutes has me breathing through my nose again and helps relieve the pressure in my sinuses. My only complaint is the horrible burning and stinging felt when sprayed. Its worth it though.
Have been taking 6 tabs 5/325 a day for three months now for post herpatic neuralgia (post shingles of the right side of my face and my right eye). I can function with this medication, without it the pain leaves me useless.
I have been taking Zoloft 100mg for 8 yrs now since my first experience of postpartum depression after my 2nd child, (I have always had panic attacks and depression it runs in my family, it has been working great until I had my 3rd child I had another bout of post partum depression. Dr tried to up my dose done this for one week made me have major side effects hot flashes, mood changes, zombie feeling so I went back down to my 100mg, I finally pulled out of it for awhile but I had a close friend pass away back in Dec 2013 and I already had health anxiety and I have had fears of dying since I had my 3rd child. I don 't want to leave my children alone, the last 2 months have been the worst and I 'm still taking Zoloft 100mg.
Osteoarthritis had destroyed my quality of life and Tylenol 4s have brought it back.
Seems fine so far. Half way into my second pack and no changes except I 'm not pregnant!
This medicine did wonders for me.
I have inflamed occipital nerves (both sides).  The pain starts in the back of my head, then radiates up and ends at my eyebrow. Nothing helps the pain - even a double dose of Lortab.  I had a nerve block, but that didn 't help AT ALL!  My neurologist suggested I try this and it WORKS!  I would have given it a 10, but the side effects last up to 3 hours (weakness in my arms, slight dizziness and I just want to sleep) which makes it difficult to work.  I am so glad he suggested this! It is expensive, but he gives me a freebie when I come in, and there is a coupon you can find online (it is in the package).  The other reason I gave a 9 is that it is REALLY hard to open the package. 
Just had my first shot today... Did not hurt at all...I have had flu shots that hurt more.  And I could feel the difference immediately.  Very happy!
I have eczema in my ear canal and have suffered for years... Doctors had no idea what I had... But elecon clears up a flare up over night!!! It 's amazing!!!
My boyfriend is 23 and diabetic, only really had an issue with it staying hard for long. Was introduced to Levitra by a work colleague. Works amazingly! No side effects, and our sex life is amazing - very happy girlfriend! He 's on 10mg and would recommend to anyone.
Great miracle.
I suffer from post concussion headaches, no other medicine helped. Seemed to make everything worse, sensitive to light headaches, pain in eye and neck. One little pill and its gone slept like a baby ....highly recommend.
Highly effective for treatment of Physical Urticaria if taken at least 1 hour prior to activity.Less side effects than Cetrizine. I am taking this medication for years now and has caused no drowsiness so far, even when some alcohol is consumed it does not seem to increase drowsiness.Very positive  experience with this drug as it allowed me to be active again.
No side effects.  Keeps my afib in check.  I have to stay cool or I can go into Afib.  I take 100 mg twice a day.
I haven 't had any problems with the new pill. I had loestrin before they switched it over and I never had any problems with it then either. If anything it 's made my period go away completely. I 've been on both the old and new name combined for about 3 years now. The only thing that 's changed is that they 've made the chewable option which taste nasty so I just swallow it
I have been on pretty much every birth control pill out there, all with side effects that were serious enough for me to have to go off of them. I started taking Yasmin and for the first time I had no break through bleeding, no side effects. I was on it for about two years when I decided to go off of it to have a baby. I used a back up method for about 6 months and then tried to get pregnant. One night, one try and I was pregnant. So I think it works well at preventing pregnancy! When the time came to go back on the pill I was concerned I wouldn 't be able to get it because of all the stuff I 've been hearing. My doctor said that there are increased risks but that the risks are minimal, especially given that I 'm under 35 and don 't smoke.
I am 59 yrs. old. The last 8 or so years I have had no energy and NO sex drive. Dr. checked my test level and it was 16 (yes, 16). Doctor said he had never seen anybody that low. Started using the 5 gram tube. Noticed a difference the next day. After 1 month I feel great and my sex drive is way up, my beard is growing faster, etc. I don 't want to ever look back!
It kicks in fast when you get that real bad feeling but I 'm tired of taking pills everyday and it happenes everyday a few times a day, bad body aches breathing chest pains. I don 't even worry about anything and boom it creeps up on me fast. 
Pristiq is the most effective antidepressant I have taken in more than 25 years of treatment.  I feel energetic and am untroubled by side effects.
Decided to try Nexplanon for something convenient as I am an early 20s medical professional who travels pretty often for work. I have only been on it a few months but I have had no symptoms (besides some headaches and increase in acne the first few weeks). This was the same reaction I had to my pill birth control, but now I don 't have to worry about taking the pill or having my period/spotting! So far I love it and recommend it to all my friends!
I have nothing bad to say about this pill. I had the Mirena for almost a year and it was the worst bc ever. I had bad acne, weight gain, not able to lose weight and stomach pain. I am very active (even had a trainer and ate healthy)  and once I got the Mirena I was not able to lose a pound and felt bloated all the time. It also made my migraines way worse. About a month after I got it out I lost 10lbs. Then after a couple months I got nexplanon. I have pcos so bc helps with my bleeding and cramps. I only had that in for a month and it caused weight gain 4lbs, water retention, migraines and acne on my neck. I have been on minastrin 24 fe for a month and it is a savior. No acne, no weight gain and has helped my migraines. I highly recommend.
I 've slowly gone up from 100 to 150 etc to where I am now at 450 mg each night. Between the Dr. that originally put me on it to the newish Dr. they messed up my dosage but I 'm back to 450mg now. During the times of the mess up, I would run out of trazodone and stay up for days on end until I finally caved and went to the local Pharmacy and was buying everything that I used to take over the counter. I got zero relief...I highly recommend this medication..from being upped on the dosage for the past many many years it does make you feel groggy to begin but only lasts about a week maximum two.
Epiduo is amazing. I tried all sorts of acne creams and this one is like a blessing. I went to my dermatologist and she gave this for me to use! This is my second week and most of my pimples have eased and are gone. I 'm impressed with this product and I will keep using it.
I 'm not going to lie... getting the Mirena put in was uncomfortable. Fortunately, the procedure only lasted a minute or two. I have always had really bad cramping and nausea during my period, and getting the Mirena felt like the first and the worst day of my period. Fortunately, I didn 't feel like that for very long, maybe the rest of the day. It 's only been a couple of days but I already feel better than when I was using the Nuvaring. That could just be relief though. I read a lot of these reviews before I got it and I was definitely scared to go through with it, but I did and it was fine! I 'll review again after it 's been in for a while... but to those looking to get it, don 't be scared off by these reviews.
My doctor prescribed Junel for acne and I immediately noticed a difference.  I was so hesitant to go on a pill because  but I honestly couldn 't be happier, I wish I did it sooner because now I 'm paying to correct acne scaring.
Life changing. I was prescribed Effexor XR for depression and anxiety with attacks. I suffered for years until I hit rock bottom and saw a doctor. This was the first medication I was prescribed and after 2 weeks I saw an improvment and after a month I was a completely different person. I actually for once feel normal and I am never sad and cry for no reason.I have energy, I dont feel crappy. I am hardly ever in a bad mood and the best part is I don 't feel like I am taking anything. Best decision of my life.
I have only been on this stuff for a couple of weeks now but it has been a miracle drug for me. I have seen immediate relief. My visual disturbances dropped from a few times per hour to a few times per day. I 'm hoping that improves further as my optic nerves have a chance to heal. I didn 't think I had too bad of headaches before being diagnosed with PTC, but ever since I 've been taking Diamox and the pressure has gone down my head feels normal again. It was like I had just got used to the pressure before treatment and didn 't notice how bad it was until it was gone. As far as side effects, I have had some. I do get the tingles in my feet at times but it isn 't too bad. And  like others I can no longer drink carbonated beverages. Worth it.
Please give this medication at least two weeks to work!! I have had severe panic attacks for a number of years. I am on day 10 of taking 30mg each night and I have finally been able to get out and do the things that had caused instant panic in the past. The first week was hard. I wanted to sleep and eat constantly. After about day 7 I woke and felt great. My mood was good and I have not had a panic attack in a few days now. It is a hard medicine to get used to, but please give it time. It may work as well for you as it has for me.
I 've been using this birth control for 6 months now and it 's done wonders for my period. My period is a lot lighter and easier to manage. No more cramps, just a headache and some slight fatigue on day 1 and 2. I 'm not sexually active so I can 't comment on the effectiveness of preventing pregnancy. As far as skin goes, the first two months after using it, my skin got pretty bad. I would have patches of pimples on my chin and by my hairline. But after the 3rd month of using Sprintec, I only and I mean ONLY get the occasional pimple around my period, no more breakouts though. Overall, I have no problem with this birth control and will continue to use.
I had my appendix removed. This medicine was easy to use and administer.  Some minor side effects with this medication were softer stools, loss of appetite, and darkening of the urine.
I have lost 26lbs during the past six months. I didn 't work out consistently, I am going to to continue to take it as I still have more I want to lose.
Been on this 15mg in the morning, once a day. It helps my knees from swelling, tried others NSAIDs, but came back to meloxicam 15mg. Some people can get twice a day at 7.5mg.
I used it for 6 years.  After 3 years I started having peripheral vision problems of tiny white moving spots.  I assumed it was an eye problem, but my ophthalmologists didn 't see a reason.  It is a side effect of this medicine.
I wish I would have read this before I had taken it. I have been awake for over 24 hours! I 've been sick for days and now can 't sleep. Yes I can breathe and less congestion but now I 'm exhausted.
Linzess works well for me. Since I have been a child I have suffered with constipation. However, I have gained 5 lbs. since I started taking the medication. I see others are suffering the same side effects. Weight gain is not mentioned as a possible side effect, but it should be.
I 'm a 33yo female with Crohn 's disease. I had my 4th colonoscopy done today and they used propofol. The nurse informed me they started using it about a year ago and people just love it. I have only had the versed and I hated the groggy feeling as well as the memory loss and even sick to my stomach. When they took me back, the anesthesiologist talked to me for a few seconds and then slowly administered the propofol. As I was laying there my hand started to hurt really bad. I honestly thought the IV had came out! So I pulled my hand out from under the covers and said something about it and he quickly replied &quot;oh yes, it kinda burns when it goes in.&quot; Next thing I know, I 'm in recovery waking up happy AND I remember talking to the dr! Love it!!
I just started my 3rd pack today and am happy to share that the first 2 packs have been a great experience so far. This is my first time on birth control (I am 22) and the only negative side effect of Lutera seems to be mood swings during weeks 1 or 2. My boyfriend got extremely irritated with my random moods but we were able to get through it. Other than that, my skin has gotten much clearer (I used to have spots here and there and now I don 't), my periods are shorter and predictable, there was no weight gain (I actually lost weight) and breasts stayed the same. It took me so many years to finally start on BC because reading through all the forums scared me away. I 'm sure there is a suitable BC out there for everyone!
its a no brainer, without I am as useful as an ashtray on a motorbike,with 75 mg per day I am confident for any situation, it changed my life in 1 day.To not be able to take part in every day life, to not smile laugh love be hurt be funny be normal.Any risk of emotion, tipped me of the edge and I do mean any, You know when life is bad, when your scared to cross a road fearful of not getting to the other side without collapsing in a quivering heap Before diagnosed life was an every day hellthank god for it, easy to take, and many years later the same now just like the first time.Work a treat good luck\Robert Marsden
Not as intense as Viagra, very pleasant come on, lasts longer than advertised. I like it a lot.
I started  smoking during a time when it was  no big deal, it was the cool thing to do. Try as hard as I could so many times during those years, watching my father die from cancer there was nothing stronger than my addiction to  smoking. In 2007 As a Christmas gift to my mother  I planned to  surprise  her with  my quitting smoking. I Tried Chantix, Did not need the 10 days  of  still smoking, I stopped  all together after 6 days. I stopped smoking December 20, 2007. It was the Last  time I  was able to give my  mom a Christmas gift. Mom died May 9th 2008.  So happy that gift was in time, for her and I hope for me.
Its been a great stop-smoking aid%u2026I had been on nicotine lozenges, recently stepped off them, using skullcap(american,), and nary a thought, let alone an urge to smoke
Down 20lbs since Jan 5th!  No side effects except for my hair falling out more than normal
I got this as a pain reliever in the hospital in liquid for after my gall bladder was removed. My pharmacist at Walgreen 's told me that they have Dilaudid, but only in tablet form, you have to ask your doctor to prescribe it because most especially dentists don 't even know what it is.
I was scareddddd when I was first prescribed Aviane then I looked up the reviews! They made me extremely hesitant to try it. However, I 've been on it for almost 6 months now and I have not had 1 side effect or symptom. My body hasn 't reacted negatively towards it AT ALL! my period has shortened and lightened up! It 's usually 7+ days and I can now count on it being a solid 4/5 days long. I 'm very satisfied! EVERYONES body is different &amp; mine is in favor of Aviane! God Bless
I have chronic bronchitis and when I get a cold and let it go too long, the chronic bronchitis shows itself and if I don 't recognize the onset soon enough, pneumonia --single or double- is the result.  My doctor prescribed Tussionex five years ago and it has become my &quot;go to&quot; medicine--if used early, it allows me to sleep, cough less throughout the night. While it does not cure the bronchitis, it allows the body to do its work by allowing you to rest without coughing.  I have one bit of advice - do not abuse this medication - regardless of what the prescription says--one teaspoon (2 ML) a day preferably before bedtime is the only way you should take it.  I use it very sparingly because of it 's expense and because it always works for me.
Great medication! Works fast too. I 've had no side effects. I use it everyday after meals. I do pass gas after taking this but it relieves gas pain.
This has been a wonder drug for me!  After 3 months of struggling including broken ribs from coughing, I am grateful that after just 1 dose I was feeling better!  No side effects either.
I am 24 years old. No children and I 'm not looking to have children within the next few years. The insertion was practically painless and I didn 't even bruise. I only had a little bit of nausea and cramping the day after insertion. I did not have this placed during my period but about 15 days after. I have had no breakthrough bleeding and I 'm very happy with my choice. 
I haven 't been on this medicine long but, it seems to do exactly what it was prescribed for. I have been on it for a week now and no real side effects to speak about (other then the couple of hours the next morning of being a little groggy). Otherwise it does what it is supposed to. Sweet dreams all, I think I 'll go to bed now. See it works.
Depakote does wonders for me but have heard it 's not well for others. I don 't get many of the side effects except for the weight gain. But let 's face it, why am I gaining weight? Because I 'm not as stressed out anymore. I try and use it to my advantage being a weight lifter/exercise nut. Which is also a good thing for someone dealing with anxiety and depression by the way. I do have to say when I want to read something I can without having to go back and read it over again because I just had 33 1/2 things run through my head during the last sentence. I 'm not saying it is for everyone but for me it is life changing. I hope this helps in your quest for finding the right script. I know it can be hell working it all out, but trust me you will get there!
I have been taking Malarone for the past 6 weeks while in Zambia. I take it after meals in the evening. I can 't say I have had any noticeable side effects at all. Whether it is effective against getting Malaria only time will tell, I am here for another 5 weeks. I also use a net, repellent, etc.
I got Mirena put in a few months ago after having tried implanon and several birth control pills which all left me with serious emotional side effects. The procedure was very fast but was incredibly painful. I was given two vicodin and a valium and it was still so bad that I was crying and clutching the nurse 's hand, so I would highly recommend anyone who gets it to be put out for it which is what my aunt did when she had it done. The pain ended immediately after but the next two weeks felt like having a very bad period with cramping and slight bleeding on and off. Since, it has all stopped with only mild spotting here and there and no emotional or other side effects. Would recommend!
Ultram has helped me greatly, it doesn 't always take all of my pain away (of course!) but it truly takes the edge off and helps me to function. I have not noticed any side effects besides sleepiness especially when I take more than one tablet.
No SSRI or SNRI works.  Parnate works.  Food restrictions caused no problems at all.  Completely obliterated negative thinking and bad feeling.  To me, it 's a miracle drug.  I was careful not to take other heavy duty drugs at the same time.  This med probably saved my life.  It should be used much more frequently.
I 've suffered with depression for most of my life. I 'd taken prozac for almost 20 years and decided to try something else because of the sexual side effects. That started a 5 year nightmare of drugs and severe side effects. So I quit taking pills and tried to go it alone. After a year without medication I lost contact with my friends and most of my family, no longer went out for enjoyment, stopped writing and generally just comforted myself with TV. I finally went back to my doctor a week ago and he put me on Nortriptyline 10mg. The first two days were a painful introduction of lethargy and dizzyspells. On the third day my world had changed. I 'm talking to people, making plans, cleaning. After a week the sadness and death fantasy 's are gone
I have been on Yaz for 3 years and my experience has been very positive. I have very light, short periods. I have gained no weight and have no issues with acne. Yaz has been a great experience for me, personally, and I have a lot less to worry about every month because of it.
This product changed my life! I used to hide the sweat from my underarms in black now I refuse to buy anything black. I love my new look and my new confidence.
So far, so good.  Age 54.  Smoker for 35 years, recently smoking 35-40 cigs per day.  Started Chantix 8 days ago.  Currently down to just 2-4 cigarettes per day.  So far, no side effects.  I expect to be a  'former ' smoker within the next few days.
I have been using the Mirena for almost 5 years. Before starting it, I had problems with low iron due to heavy bleeding. At one point, my ferritin level was 4. With the use of iron supplements I got it up to 30. After using the Mirena for a few years, my ferritin is now over 80. I have almost no bleeding--usually I menstruate around every 34-35 days, but it 's so light I don 't need any liners. I had very little discomfort with the insertion. I will be getting a second one inserted in December. After that, I may be through menopause, since I am now 46. It 's great. I highly recommend it.
I have been taking Contrave daily for four months. Week 4- Week 5 was the worst in regards to side effects. I took 1/4 of a Dramamine to counteract the nausea &amp; dizziness as needed. Also, took a stool softener as needed from time to time.To date, I have lost 32 pounds. Doctor recommended low carb/no carb diet to go along with the Contrave. I also excercize at least three to four days a week. I look forward to reaching my goal with the help of Contrave. Patience is a big part of weight loss. You didn 't gain the weight you want to lose over night, you can 't lose it all over night.
update no. 3  - I started on the drug on 11 July 2017 , I have lost 26 pounds  in 8 weeks. I am still on 0.6 dose and decided not to up it, as I continue to lose weight. The side affects have gone. My appetite has returned, but I seem to be able to manage it on this medication, I 'm very happy with the results.
I found Alavert to be extremely affective with two side effects and depending on how bad you feel they might not bother you. I noticed I had a ton of energy and couldn 't go to sleep so I found myself cleaning. My house is better because of it. I also found myself getting up to pee almost every hour once I feel asleep. All in all it relieved my headache, dizziness and nasal congestion.
Felt compelled to weigh in on the insertion issue. Everybody is different, of course, but I had read many forums in which woman after woman called the insertion excruciating, agonizing, or the worst pain they 've ever felt. I am small-build (5 '0), never had children. It was really not that bad. Three rather severe cramps - but nothing worse than I have had with a particularly bad period. I had no local anesthetic and I took 800mg ibuprofen one hour beforehand. It was inserted less than an hour ago and I am back at work and feeling fine. I think one thing that may make a difference is the experience of the nurse practitioner or doctor performing the procedure. The more experienced, the faster. Mine took less than three minutes total. Not bad.
Works wonders every time! The first time I tried Zomig my limbs felt kinda noodly, but that only happened the first time--never again.  It worked so fast I could feel the pain dissolving within 10 minutes. It tasted sweet and dissolved very quickly with no yucky aftertaste.  I have even taken just one half of the 2.5 g tablet --hard to do cause it 's so little and fragile--while at work because I was concerned about side effects. The half dose still knocked out the migraine, and no side effects.
I had bad anxiety for a few months because of university. I was always afraid of failing (I study statistics). It had a huge negative impact on the quality of my life. I often cried, I had no appetite anymore and sometimes I even threw up. Then I started taking 5mg of Escitalopram for two to three months. After that I took 10 mg.I don 't remember when the positive effects started kicking in exactly. But it took at least 6 weeks. By now (I started taking it February, now it is August) I don 't have any anxiety anymore. At first my libido decreased significantly. I feel like this got better, but I am not sure. I gained weighed, but not because of the drug directly, but because I was able to eat again normally.
I have been taking this for about 3 days for back pain.. along with flexeril due to back spasms making it difficult to breath without pain... at first it was just taking deep breaths then breathing in general began to be painful because it was putting a lot of pressure on my back causing more spasms and pain. I tried Tylenol and ibprofin and it wasn 't really helping. The hydrocod/aceta 5-325 mg has been so much help. I can breath now without pain however when the med wears off I feel like I have been hit by a bus. The Dr put 1-2 tablets every 4 to 6 hours but I am seeing that 1 in the morning and 1 before bed does justice.  Hopefully soon the pain completely goes away....
My boyfriend and I were in the heat of the moment and didn 't pull out, it was the day after my period stopped. He freaked out and I knew I wasn 't ready to have another child. I took plan b around 12 hours after it happened. I 'm overweight and saw reviews that it doesn 't work on women over 175 lbs. I weigh 200. About 2 days after I took the pill I started breaking out on my face. 6 days after I got a period which I am not complaining.  Worked for me!
Accutane changed my life and I promised myself that I will share my experience with the world if this worked for me and yes it did! After I had my baby and even before, I had chronic cystic acne all over my face. I couldn%u2019t bear to look in the mirror. My face will hurt from just touching it. I had used every thing you could think of until one day, while in my doctor%u2019s office, I read about Accutane. My doctor advised to talk to my dermatologist, which I did and here I am 8 months later with POSITIVE results.Accutane really worked for me. Yes there were side effects but for me it was tolerable. Now I can look people straight in the eye without feeling ashamed of how I look. My gynecologist even commented on how my skin looks. Everyone has been asking what I did because I have this sudden glow. Try ACCUTANE because it works!
Ampyra is the only drug that has been helpful to me with the exception of Tysabri which I was forced to quit. I have been diagnosed with MS for over 10 years and have gone from RRMS to SPMS over the past three years or so. I  read about Ampyra a number of years ago but was afraid to try it because of all the side effects. I wish I had tried it along time ago! I used to walk hugging the wall for balance and sometimes used a cane. I have only been on it for two weeks now and my balance is hundred percent better.  I do not use the wall at all. I also have a left arm that wants to contract up so that it I hold it in front of my abdomen. I have noticed in the last day or so that my arm no hangs  almost straight. Don 't be afraid, try it!
Increase my appetite during and after chemo therapy, while having treatment for prostate cancer. 
I use to get in fights all the time!!  My doctor prescribed Lexapro and I haven 't been in a fight in 2 straight days.
I have been hiv-positive for over 20 years switch to complera have very little side effects viral load is undetectable CD4 is over 800 doing very well thank God God blessings to everyone being courage
I have taken Prilosec or omeprazole for years and in increasing doses over time it has given me perfect control over my reflux and heart burn problem. Nexium made me so sick after 5 days of use that I could not get out of bed. Nothing else has ever worked so extremely well than this medicine.
I have L5/S1 disk herniation and this medication had saved my life,  I can walk and stand for long periods of time again thanks to this medication.   This had been a life saver.  I use the Co pay card from the Lyrica Web site.
I have bipolar 2, BPD, anxiety, and PTSD from past trauma. I have taken many drugs over the years, including SSRI 's and lithium carbonate. No medication has help with my anxiety, depression, and mood swings anywhere near as effectively as Lamictal. Within 2 weeks I felt like &quot;myself&quot; again. I felt like a weight had been lifted. My appetite and sleep patterns also became more normalised. I am on 100mg twice a day. And have been for about 6 months. I was ready to give up on medications, then I was but on Lamictal. It was like night and day. It 's hard to describe, honestly. But I feel much for content and happier in general. The only side effect I can remember is when I missed a dose, I got very aggravated and moody. Much love!
Adipex is fantastic. Although I haven 't really felt &quot;energized&quot; I 'm totally eating A LOT less. I don 't have that hungry feeling and it really helps me to make better choices, as I 'm not always famished. In 6 weeks, I 've lost over 20 lbs, which is something I never thought was possible. I 'm really not even worried about coming off of it, as I think I 've made a total lifestyle change. I 'm never going back to being that fat person again! I 've had virtually no side effects, expect I do get headaches. Honestly, I don 't think its the pill though, but the fact that I 'm not eating a whole lot and my blood sugar is probably lower than normal. I highly recommend this medicine.
My favorite birth control by far! I have had no side effects other than a minimized monthly period. I 've tried other birth controls, included Ortho tri-cyclen low, Desogen, and Microgestin Fe, and Alesse has worked the best for me.
Getting injections for 15 years with great relief. The key to Botox injections is that your neurologist uses the EMG (Electromyography) machine in order to find the nerve activity and inject the correct site. I insisted and the neurologist complied. I get my shots every three months and the doctor administers 250 to 300 units. I consider the injection pain nothing compared with the pain my neck suffers without them
I 've been on this pill for 9 years and started looking on this page because I was told I have high blood pressure, high cholesterol, a heart murmur, and possibly lymphoma. I was just interested in the side effects. I don 't know that my birth control has caused it but I 'm healthy and 29. I eat healthy and exercise. My current weight is 101. I 've never had weight issues with pill and never had bad cramps. Periods have always been easy.  I do get a full period if I miss just one pill which I 'm hearing isn 't normal but it 's what my body does. Overall I have been satisfied with this pill just wondering now what long term effects could be.
Started taking phentermine on mar.23, 2016 and as of dr appt. today may 18, 2016,  I am down 27.6 lbs. I started out at 232.8 and am at 205.2. I 'm 5 '5&quot; and I 'm 46. My blood pressure is coming back down, and I have tons of energy. I realized if I take it about 10am, I still sleep at night!
I 've had bacterial vaginitis on &amp; off for many years and just got sick of treating it until a few days ago when I was struck with bad pelvic pain and pressure, ended up in ER and diagnosed with pelvic inflammatory disease which has caused an abscess on my left ovary. Turns out the Pelvic Inflammatory Disease has been caused by the untreated bacterial vaginitis over time. So please get treated every time you get symptoms. I 'm on day 2 &amp; have an ease of symptoms from the BV but get very nauseous and sick feeling after taking it. I 'm also on a few others for the PID but it 's definitely no fun. Don 't ignore Bacterial Vaginitis.
I took adipex last year, started at about 290, the first month I lost 26 lbs 
Have for 7 yrs now. No issues. Best decision since my husband  did not want to get himself  fixed.
I have been on mirtazapine 30mg now for 3 months now. I have BPD and Aspergers. I have depression anxiety and OCD. I have tried all antidepressants you can think of and all gave me increased sweating and insomnia and stuffy nose. My psychiatrist even tried antipsychotics and mood meds all had really bad side effects including massive weight gain. He put me on mirtazapine and I slept really well no side effects whatsoever. It does cause increased appetite but I take 2 phenergan 50mg with it which is an OTC antihistamine and that stops the increased appetite cause the main side effect of phenergan is decreased appetite. I 'm from UK and I know you can 't get it in the US. But I 'm sure u can buy it online. Hope this review helps
I am a 49 year old white male, was diagnosed with Myasthenia Gravis just after my 47th birthday. It took 7 years of various tests before I was finally diagnosed. Mestinon side effects for me was hot flashes, diarrhea so bad that I often wondered which was worse; MG Symptoms or the Mesinon Side Effects. I did take the Mestinon Tab several times a day until the Mestinon Time Release was available and it has been a great help to me. Rarely have diarrhea and no hot flashes yet, and I have been taking it since it became available! Gives me the ability to do more things like hiking and walking with no side effects!
I had struggled back and forth for 5 years will opiates. I lost everything I had in my life, my home, jobs, cars, plenty of money, and even my family, my kids included. I decided to try and quit them myself with no success. I then went to a suboxone doctor who had me on 2 strips a day. I have been successfully on Suboxone for a year now with no relapse. Things in my life have also started to come back together. Suboxone has been a true life changer for me.
June 2017- I have been using this product for a little less than 2 months. I started at 185lb and a BMI of 39.5. I have lost 20 pounds and now have a BMI of 27. I am the walking billboard for this product. My physician who prescribed this has even started taking it after seeing my results. Everyone has noticed the difference and it feels great!
This is the only thing that has worked for me. No more voices and I don 't feel sedated the next day. They do have it in Black Cherry flavor and it is better than the regular which is horrible. I know it taste bad but it is the best thing I have found.
Overall this medication works for me. I tried Amatiza and had flu like symptoms. Linzess is best for me. Every day is different. I only take it if I know I will have access to a toilet. I need access pretty much the entire morning. There are times when I don 't go a lot, but that 's OK. There are times when I literally pee out my bottom. I have dealt with constipation for most of my life and I am thankful for this medication. I use the $30 rebate they have. It 's not a scam. I got a check in the mail. Drink lots of water with this product. I also do a bowl massage every night when I lay down for bed. This helps. I do the 90 day supply with my insurance. I only pay $100 for 90 days. Then I turn in receipt to linzess for the rebate.
I am 55 and have been losing my hardness gradually over the last few years.  When I spoke to my doctor she suggested a daily dose of Cialis, 5mg. Works great! I not only perform like my old self, but I am always ready to go.  I also got my morning wood back! Thanks Cialis.
This is the drug that was a total game changer for me. I was on effexor and abilify because of severe depression and suicidal ideation (at only 19 :(). While the abilify and effexor helped with the depression, I was extremely anxious, jumpy, panicky, and unable to sleep at all. Klonopin changed all that. I am now able to do anything with no anxiety, no intrusive thoughts, and am visibly much less tense and more relaxed than I have ever been. I can go to work, take public transport, and interact with customers with absolutely NO anxiety anymore. If you sound like me, I highly suggest at least giving this medication a try. It saved my life.
Worked great now I am forced to take something else because my new insurance will NOT cover it at all.
As a third line of attack against my persistent uti this stuff worked where Amoxyl had failed. No side effects.
I 'm so happy. I was completely stressed out thinking I was going to be pregnant &amp; I 'm not ready for a baby at all. The condom had broke of course i took plan b literally 30mins after it has been 6days &amp; i finally got my period i am so happy. A little bit of the side effects bothered me but it is so worth it!
I get Cole sores when my immune level decreases.  Some of them are large enough to give a zip code to. I have had them take up 1/2 my lip and creep to my chin. If I take 2400 mg (two 1200 pills) at the start, and 1 every day it either stops it or shortens it.  I 've tried many other otc meds but L-Lysine seems to work the best.  Much more affordable than Abriva.
I 'm 47, and in my mind I 'm just as sexually hungry as I was in my 20 's, but my penis wasn 't keeping up with my brain. I FINALLY broke down and asked the doc for Cialis. I took one 20mg pill Thursday morning and WOW! It is now Saturday morning and just talking about it is making me stiff.  I had sex on Thursday afternoon and my partner could not believe it, and neither can I.  We had sex 4 times in 3 hours and I had orgasms each time.  Another amazing thing is that I only get hard when its time to get going, but completely normal in between. The only side effect I had was slight headache at first but then it subsided. I highly recommend. 
Amazing drug for anxiety. I don 't find it addictive. Just great!
I am currently being treated for lower back pain. I am prescribed up to 4, 5 mg a day of this medicine but only need to take 2 of them a day. Until my doctor put me on this I could not get off the couch or do much around my house. Now, I can move and with physical therapy, I hope to zap this pain. It works great but does cause me to itch so I take a Benadryl with it and it does make me a little foggy. If I don 't eat I do get somewhat nauseated too.
I have suffered with migraines for over 10 years, was presribed Imatrex, which gave some relief, before being given Amerge. Usually the migraine would return within 4 hours. My headaches usually last between 4-5 days. With Amerge, if taken at the first sign of the headache, I can have relief for 24 hours at a time. Much better control. Side effects are very minimal, some nausea, but hard to tell from the migraine itself. Try it, it 's is definitely worth it. Also, see if there are food triggers.
I have been smoking for 30+ years and quit using Chantix. The only side effects for me were the nausea and wild dreams. Knowing the outcome was better than the side effects I took it for 2 weeks, got through the hardest part and moved forward smoke free. If you get side effects and are determined to stop smoking it will help!
Hi all, after reading mixed reviews online on antidepressants I was apprehensive the drug could actually work. I was experiencing panic attacks that lasted all day, I was started on 50mg straight away and experience increased panic for the first 4 days but no other side effects. From day 5 panic attacks are almost non existent, it really is a wonderful  drug, just stick to it and remember it will get better with time.
Lexapro has honestly saved my life. I have been dealing with Anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder my entire life and have tried multiple medications, nothing has worked, this is amazing. I would say before Lexapro my anxiety on a scale of 1-10 was a 10 EVERY SINGLE DAY. Now its at 0! Sometimes maybe a 1. It has given me my life back!
I started it to treat depression from life circumstances and anxiety, specifically health-related anxiety (&quot;hypochondria&quot;) and it 's turned my life around. Yes there have been side effects, but ones I can live with for now. At first I felt tremendously tired, that lasted about a week. It happened again when I upped my dose due to being depressed over the winter months. Sexual side effects happened in the beginning but went away. The tiredness went away. I 'm so much more normal now. I went from being a total wreck and thinking I was dying every day/crying about everything to functioning normally again. The only side effect that still bothers me is a feeling of dizzyness or lightheaded and almost &quot;not being there&quot; sometimes, forgetfulness.
I am 46 and have suffered from depression since I was a teenager and fibromyalgia pain and stiffness since I was 30.  Nothing else helped much. I tried gabapentin, Prozac, and other anti-depressants.  Ibuprofen and tramadol helped a little with the pain but not like Cymbalta! I started on 30mg and worked up to 90mg daily. I feel like I am cured!  No more morning pain and stiffness, no more aches and pain and my mood is so much brighter! I haven 't felt this happy since I was a kid. I am laughing all the time. I can do things that I haven 't been able to do physically for years. I started jogging.  Side effects have been a loss of appetite, insomnia, and hot flashes but well worth it!
Methylprednisolone (medrol) has far fewer side effects than most other steroids. It still, though, has increased appetite, especially when not taken steadily, so be aware of how much food you consume. It is a highly effective systemic steroid and requires 20% less to achieve the same effects mg for mg than prednisone. It is, however, weak compared to dexamethasone (decadron).
I have narcolepsy and OSA along with severe Restless Legs Syndrome. I 've been on Ritalin and 2 different non narcotic medicines and they simply stopped being effective after a short period of time. FINALLY my Doctor put me on 54mg of Concerta along with an 18 mg of Concerta, totaling 72mg and it 's perfect. I can still take a short nap but I am able to finally stay awake longer then 2 hours. It took 3 sleep studies and about 5 different drugs but I think I finally am beginning to feel optimistic!
I was on Byetta for about 6 years and it worked wonders for me. I lost 70 lbs. in the first few months, but the 35 of them have crept back on. I 've been on Bydureon for about 18 months. I 've had no side effects other than the little lumps. My wife is an RN and suggested using thinner needles. I told her they wouldn 't work but she tried anyway. She was unable to push the Bydureon in, so back to the thick needle. I have not enjoyed the weight loss effect with Bydureon. My Dr. has just given me a prescription for the new pen, however, Walgreens does not yet have it available. I have found no information that says it is actually being sold yet. The pen comes with a needle, same thickness but a fraction shorter.
I 've had my nexoplanon for over three years now, I had the first one removed at 3 years and a new one inserted recently. I am one of the lucky people whose body reacts super well to this drug. I don 't get my period at ALL, my face has been clearer and have had no weight side effects. The insertion and removal are simple procedures. I will continue using this for many years to come.
Had it inserted an hour ago.  All good. Took 1 Valium and 2 Nurofen one hour prior.  Have bicornuate uterus, significantly retroverted, no kids and am 46.  Had it done during my period which is the norm in Australia.  Inserted speculum and .Dr washed the cervix and gave 4 local anaesthetic injections into the cervix.  Deep breath then cough really helped when she did each injection.  Pain 4/10. As there is adrenalin in the local anaesthetic can make heart race and legs shake.  Stopped after a couple of mins.  Not uncomfortable. Dr Inserted Mirena, stung a little and then voila finished - 15 mins total. RN held my hand, distracted me and reassured me.  Very professional.  Totally different than what I expected after all the alarmist stories.
I 've only been using this gel for a few days and I can see a major difference. I have very sensitive skin so when I saw the reviews I got a little nervous, so when I tried it I was ready for red skin and rashes, but nothing happened. Within the next few days I saw a major improvement, which shocked me! I 've used a lot of acne treatments and none of them worked, but within the first couple of days I could see my pimples going away! I don 't think this is supposed to help with blackheads or whiteheads,  but this is still totally worth it! And who knows maybe if I keep using it, it will help with them. I highly recommend this product to anyone with acne problems!
Used as alternative to albuterol inhaler due to rapid heart rate after its use. Good for use during mild to moderate acute asthma. I use for mild asthma. If Xopenex inhaler doesn 't completely work, I know it 's time to step up treatment with regular nebulized medication &amp; a doctors visit.
I have had severe consitpation for years, after having children. However, I have always had a problem w/ constipation since child hood. I tried everything I could over the counter and several different meds from Dr 's from all over the US. (traveling military).. Finally I have tried Linzess. I have had good/ bad experiences with it. On the first 3 days I took it, it was great. I took it on an empty stomach 30 mins before breakfast or coffee. Then I felt that I had no more to poop, so I didn 't take it again for 2-3 days. I took it as directed again; nothing happened all day, but I had severe stomach cramps/heartburn for over 24 hours. NOTHING will stop this pain. I 've read that taking it at night before bed can help. Im going to try this too
This medicine is a miracle. I was a heavy drinker for most of my teen years (liter a day or more of whatever I could get my hands on). Went through one of the best inpatient treatments where they gave me Librium.  Within minutes I was feeling like I was floating and loved it. Anything that took away the dreaded withdrawals was better than that feeling. It totally took away my depth perception but allowed me to finally eat, for the first time since my withdrawals kicked in.  I was clean and sober for about 10 months then relapsed. The pain and withdrawals were just as bad as they were before. I went and got prescribed this medicine and detoxed at home. I was up walking around and functioning normal mins after taking it.
Had a 102 degrees temp for 4 days, 101 degrees for 4 days. Felt like I was coughing up my lungs and could not catch my breath. Sounded like a gurgling sound in my lungs all the time. Was the worst I ever felt. Went to Dr. and got a shot and within 6 hrs I was ready to go cut the grass.
Let me start by saying this medication is awesome! I have MS, Chronic Pain Syndrome, Chronic Joint Pain, lipomas pain, degenerated disks and lots more and I have tried literally every ER pain med on the market and not one of them seem to do half as much as this medication. I take Dilaudid 8mg for breakthrough pain with it after a few hours and they both are like brother and sister, works so well together. Now the only thing with this medication is that it is very expensive as the brand but some places do carry it in generic. I end up paying $40 a month with insurance, without insurance its near $1200. Hopefully when I get on medicaid they will cover it but again it works (ER) wonders. If you can afford it give it a shot
So I 've just recently started suffering migraines due to stress tension in upper traps which doesn 't help and hormonal. I 'm 31 and I have never had migraines like this. I tired bupap for my tension headaches and after taking them it made it 10 times worse to the point it would turn it into a horrific migraine. My doctor suggested relpax. I took it for the first time today as I felt symptoms come on this morning. I thought it was more tension so I thought I would give bupap another try...45 mins later the throb started coming on. So I called pharmacist and he gave me ok to take relpax. 30 mins later. I AM PAIN FREE! I CAN 'T BELIEVE IT. Will update on side effects. So far so good!
After reading all of the horrible reviews on this site I was terrified to take Macrobid. I waited two days hoping that the symptoms would clear and I wouldn 't have to take this &quot;awful poison.&quot; Everything I read talked about flu 'like symptoms and high fevers..Scary stuff.  I finally gave in and took my first dose around 9:00am. By around 1:00pm I had a bit of a headache which was mostly controlled with Advil. Same side effect with the second and third dose. By day three I was side effect free and nearly symptom free too. I would take this again in heartbeat. Don 't let the reviews scare you. Everyone reacts differently and you can 't base what your experience will be off of the bad experience others had.
I love love love Nexplanon! I was on the pill for 2 years and the pill worked great for me, but I just got sick of taking the pill everyday. I went to my doctor and just wanted a easier carefree form of birth control. We talked about Nexplanon and the IUD but I just didn 't want the IUD. I have had my normal time of the month for the first two weeks but it was a lot shorter and lighter, which is crazy because my period was like 3 days to begin with and no symptoms. My boyfriend and I love it and definitely be getting another one when my three years are up.
Two weeks of digestive symptoms, and six weeks of not being able to orgasm, but then this medicine kicked in and I felt almost normal again.  All the side effects went away.  I started at 50 mg and never went up.  My anxiety had settled down to where I could talk myself through it or ignore it. I am so grateful Zoloft was the first medicine I tried, and that it worked so well.I had a history of migraines, three or four a year, some so severe they lasted for weeks and/or sent me to the ER, and I haven 't had a single migraine in the year I 've been on Zoloft.  SSRIs are not supposed to prevent migraines, but it sure seems like my issues were related.
I have very painful periods that include bloating, painful swelling of my breasts (Normal bra size: 30E to period bra size: 30FF), shooting pains down my legs, constipation, ovarian cysts, nausea, etc. After several trips to the ER for pain, I was diagnosed with PMDD &amp; possible endometrosis. To combat my monthy symptoms I 've tried several birth control methods from Nuva Ring, Loestrin Fe and Yaz, to Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and Mircette. Each of these pills seemed to amplify the above problems for my entire cycle &amp; made me gain 8-15 pounds.Lo Loestrin Fe is the only pill my body can tolerate. During the first month I was nauseous, broke out a little and my breasts became fuller, but not painful-that 's it! 
I took the pill for the first time ever 18 hours after the mishap happened. I was ovulating and I also experienced no side effects at all from the pill (not even spotting). My period came the exact day it was supposed to. Plan B works!
I have pretty bad psoriasis. It was mild at first and I was prescribed Taclonex and Desonide which worked like a charm. I changed insurances and they didn 't cover Taclonex so my psoriasis spread like wild fire. What is worse is I am getting married in less than a year and it is very noticeable on my arms. I finally got the insurnace company to grant me an exception so I have begun using Taclonex religiously! I hope it clears by my wedding.
I 'm 17 now and had been suffering acne during highschool years, during summer I used duac at first had side effects of my skin peeling and extremely dry skin, but it eventually got better, cleared my skin up so well!! Only got blemishes to deal with now, cleared up within 6 weeks all clear for college I felt much confident
I owe my life to sub 's I was on 360,30 milligram oxycodones a month from my pain doctor for 6 out of the last 8 years.I 'm clean now 28 days on suboxone now I 'm starting to feel more alive and getting my life back is awesome. Its neat to actually have real emotions back that I haven 't felt in years. Its like I 've been in a dream for _8 years I only hope the sub 's aren 't as extreme to get off when I 'm ready .god bless.
Does anyone have a cough With taking Effexor XR?  This has helped me a lot. I had been on Zoloft, Paxil, Prozac and Effexor was the best. Feel more normal and have taken it since 2008. It does cause constipation. I tried going off of it once and I was back on it within 3 days. It was horrible. Does anyone have neck pain with it or maybe it 's something else going on for me.
I have allergic conjunctivitis and it made my eyes feel much better - not so itchy, red and swollen.
It worked great on my Hyper-Mobility Syndrome! (All of my joints are &quot;double-jointed&quot;) Which causes chronic pain for years &amp; gets worse with age. The only side effect I 've had is constipation. With Avinza I actually have a better quality of life!
I have been taking this medicine since 2001! So, over 15+ years.  For two years I took 2mg then 1mg at bed and another 0.5mg if I wake in middle of night, as without it it can take me 4 hours to fall or fall back to sleep.  I have severe insomnia and only take at night time.  Never during day.  I have never built up a tolerance to this.  When I go without,... even for 5 months once, zero withdrawals!  Zero side effect.  However I go back to bad sleep, which I had before.  Never been dependent, as you can tell I can go without....for months.   I just have not found a medication that puts my mind at ease and &quot;gently&quot; relaxes me so I can surrender to sleep.  Doctor now is feeling pressure from industry to reduce my dosage. Zero harm to me. :(
I started using epiduo and I suffered really badly at school and now it has all disappeared and I get the occasional spot but thats when I eat unhealthily
I have used Skelaxin for over four years.  I have found it quite useful for muscle spasms in my lower back.  Unlike Flexeril, it doesn 't make me sleepy during the daytime hours.  My muscle spasms in the lower back are from a ruptured/ bulging disc in L4-L5 area.  Without the Skelaxin, I am limited to very short time periods (5-10 minutes) of work in the yard and house.  With Skelaxin, I can work 30-45 minutes before the lower back muscles begin to spasm.    Skelaxin changed my life for the goo
Hair grew back almost instantly. I got Kenalog-10 injections from my doctor in late September. I started noticing hair growth after only a few days. Almost two months later now and my hair is almost completely grown. No more bald spots. It 's not perfect, but it 's getting there really quick. It was somewhat painful but totally worth it.
Last month Aug 24th my left knee operation has done for meniscus tear. Post operation doctor suggested synvisc one. It 's cost 17991 rupees in Vijayawada. I was shocked finally I got the injection on my left knee. Before going to injection I red all the reviews in websites about the injection I feel like it badly hurts. After this all those things finally yesterday 20th Sep 2016 went to hospital taken the injection there is no pain and all like small mosquito bite. Thanks
I use Sominex they really help me sleep I 'm having a full nights sleep now and not waking during the night. HAPPY DAYS.
I have been in/out of rehab since 2011. Just in the past 12 months I have relapsed back to drinking 5x. I 've done Antabuse and naltrexone and they did nothing. For the past 6 days I 've been taking Campral 2 tabs, 3x a day. I HAVE NO CRAVINGS WHATSOEVER! I really wish someone would have told me about this in 2011! Good Luck from one addict to another.
Been taking Lexapro 10mg for 4 weeks now. It started to help a little after just 2 days. Now I have very few guilt feelings, nearly no depression, no suicidal thoughts, no obsessing over negative things. Not too much help with social anxiety, but does help anxiety around angry people.  Unfortunately, during PMS, it barely helps me, but once that is passed, I 'm okay again. Makes sleep WONDERFUL and easy.Side effects-sleepy off and on during the day, mild, treatable, headaches the first few days.
It worked very well on my condition.  No awful side effects, since I expected the burning sensation after reading the information abut it.  I only had problems keeping the ovule in, since it appears to get stuck in the applicator.
I was back to normal after 2 pills.  No more urgency, accidents, or frequency.  I have got my life back.  I suffered for 3 years before going to the doctor because I was sure I 'd have to have surgery or some horrible procedure done.  I wish I had gotten this medicine 3 yrs. ago!
I suffer from chronic back and knee pain. Had lower spinal fusion, both knees totally replaced and stenosis in my upper neck that flared up once to the point that the pain was agony! This was the first time I was given an injection of dilaudid as opposed to morphine. Morphine has never taken my pain away, it just made me not care that it hurt, and the first time I was injected with dilaudid, the effects the first minute scared me, but I had a great nurse that walked me through everything I was going to experience and assured me that in one min. It would pass and it did and for the first time in 12yrs. After about five mins I had absolutely no pain. Also took the pills for about 1 month and worked very well.
I was prescribed gabapintin for ongoing depression, ptsd, &amp; nerve disruption from disease treatment. Right away I had an amazing soothing of my nerves &amp; happiness in the morning I could not recall ever feeling! It has helped me to recover a quality of life and ability to let go of addictive habits.
I love this birth control! I have struggled since I was 16 with finding a birth control that was right for me. I have had so many issues with abnormal bleeding, mood swings, weight gain etc, and have not liked the fact that the long term effects of birth control can lead to heart disease, blood clots and more. This birth control has changed my life. I have lost all of my mood swings, I feel so much better in general, I have lost weight and most of all ladies my sex drive is THROUGH THE ROOF. Not that me or my husband are complaining. It 's been a very nice thing. All you have to do is take it every day at the same time. And no matter how busy your schedule you can set a simple alarm on your phone. Try this pill! You won 't regret it!
I have taken Effexor on and off for nearly ten years for depression and anxiety brought on by a sudden traumatic situation.  It took a week or so for the side effects to disappear when I first started.  I felt so well that I weaned myself off it which took at least a week with side effects.  I have done this twice thinking I was very well and able to cope which I do when I take the medication.  However, I have come to realize that I need to stay on it and my husband now understands that it keeps me well, happy and balanced.  If I miss a tablet I feel quite nauseous and a bit unbalanced even though I only take 75mg once a day.  I have come to realize that there a lot of people out there, including many high profile people who need Effexor.
I was diagnosed with MRSA, a staph infection that is like small boils on the skin.  I was on Bactrim for two weeks and it seemed to clear it up.  Actually improved in a couple of days.  After a week of being off the Bactrim, I started getting the boils back.  Had to take another two weeks of Bactrim.
In April 2014 my knees just simply gave out.  No cartilidge the doc said.  Tried cortisone,it did absolutely nothing.  Started Euflexxa Jul  '14.  Got 1 shot a week, 3 weeks straight.  Felt better, still limped, could not put weight on it, but it was better. Jan 2015 took 2nd series of 3 shots.  It got better again...limp reduced, could put more weight on it.  Just got my 3rd series over past 3 weeks.  Instantly with the first shot my knee felt better...vast improvement.  Second shot, even better.  About 5 days after the second shot it has been 2 days and all of a sudden I realized, wow I haven 't had any knee pain in 2 straight days!  So much, so I FORGOT about my knees!  Take time but it works!!
If a medicine states that dizziness or drowsiness may occur, one of those will usually happen to me.  I have not experienced either of those with this medication.  Very pleased with the results of breaking up my congestion in my chest and sinuses.
Axiron seems to be working well for me.  I am 35 and this is my first hormone replacement used so I do not know about how the others might work for me.  I am awaiting my first blood test results after 7 weeks of usage, but I feel honestly like a normal man again.  I don 't know how else to put it.  My initial levels were at 140 prior to starting therapy with zero sex drive that was impacting my marriage, fatigue and loss of interest in normal  'fun ' things.  Within 3-5 days of starting Axiron my libido returned to teen-age levels, I have ample energy and interest in my normal hobbies again.  The application is a little to get used to, but once I got it, I have no issues.  Otherwise it would have gotten a  '10 ' from me.  Thank you!
I find Metrogel more effective than Finacea. It minimizes redness and breakouts with no irritation.
I have been on Belviq for almost a month.  I am down 20lbs.  I am 5 '10 36yr old Mother of two, starting weight 265. Now at 245!! I also had to take a week off of pills because I couldn 't afford to get refill after the free trial.  I can not say enough positive things about this medication. I have barely any appetite, and when I do eat it 's about a quarter of the serving size.   I haven 't had any side effects, and am exited to continue this weight loss journey.  My goal is to get down to 170lbs, and as long as this medication continues to curb my appetite this much, I know I 'll be able to reach my goal.  I would say without hesitation that Belviq is a non surgical equivalent to gastric bypass surgery!
I take it as needed, I have depression and it gets out of control at time, I take 1 mg. and in 10 - 15 minutes I am ok.
12 hours, 140 mg.
I got my Kyleena August 4th and so far my experience has been great. I had been on the pill, and the bar that 's been in your arm for birth control and so far this is by far my favorite. Insertion was very painful for me but I 've never had a pap smear or anything similar to what getting an IUD is like. I had super bad cramps for about 3-4 hours and some light bleeding. My doctor gave me 4 ibuprofen to take after the insertion and said to take 2 extra strength Tylenol once I got home. After I took the two Tylenol and napped, I felt a ton better and only had light cramps. Second day, I barely spotted and had minimal cramping and today I have no spotting/bleeding and no cramps. All in all, the pain was worth it and I 'm SO happy I got the Kyleena
Tecfidera has made sure I have not had any more lesions.
After suffering 75% coverage for 25 years and various medications and creams which helped a little for a few weeks or months, Humira has totally cleared all my skin. I still have dark scars from where it used to be on my back and legs, but they don 't bother me in the slightest. I have been on Humira treatment since December 2009. No more vacuuming the floor every day for dead skin flakes, my princess thinks that 's the best result!
For pain and sleep. My doc gave me tylenol 3 with codeine for my fibromyalgia pain . I also have sleep apnea and insomnia. I can take the Tylenol 3 like tic tacs and it will do me no good.  2 aleve pms and I 'm pain free and asleep throughout the night. Wow never thought an over the counter med would help me.
I had been taking Treximet and paying privately as my insurance didn 't have it on their formulary and the generic for whatever reason didn 't work. After finding out the cost was going to tripple, I saw a headache specialist to find something else and I was given relpax samples... These are wonderful and I now have a prescription for them! I do feel somewhat drowsy for about 12 hours after taking the relpax which I also have to take with one Aleve and as some others have noted, I do find myself needing to pee more often. These side effects are definitely worth it &amp; my insurance covers 4 pills at a time. I wait 4 days then get another refill, paying my copays. I also found the coupon to pay no more then $10 during a refill 1x per month. Yea!!
Ok I am x ems/fire/law enforcement person .I am medically retired from this profession. I drive a commercial vehicle for a living now. I am also a heart patient/diabetic type 2. I get to drive all over the US and Canada. I have read numerous statements that  it doesn 't work or does work. No it may not work for all. I started Monday taking this. It has slowed my hacking down quite a bit. I have not had any side effects of any yet. I 'm about to have triple bypass done. I have tried over counter I found only one bottle of med I could legally use that worked. This seems to work for me at this. I will comment at least twice more  . I will use it up to my surgery date and a comment to all to how good it was or bad. Everyone is different meds.
This works wonders with my acne, but it makes me absolutely sick to my stomach. Nausea and vomiting the first couple months but only on occasion. Abnormal bleeding began and continued for almost three months, discontinued and started taking it again, and now I have bled for a month...
It gave me my life back and in the UK it 's totally free.
After having a serious injury to my back from a work related accident,and dealing with surgeons/physiotherapists and an array of specialist, I was Diagnosed with Major Depression and Adjustment Disorder. I have tried a multitude of anti-depressants to no avail. Finally my Doctor said that there was a fairly new medication, Pristiq that many people in similar situations were having success with and little side effects [as opposed to the traditionally prescribed medicines for similar situations]. I was very close to suicide because my whole normal life prior to my injury was gone. So what did I have to lose, I tried it. What a difference it made within the first week! I still can 't do the things I used to do, but I can actually focus on things I can.
I 've had taken Advair for asthma. I have to say it has been a blessing. You must drink a glass of water when taking your dosage &quot;not Juice&quot; juice will upset your stomach . plus the nasty feeling in your mouth will go away and it will do the job even quicker. So I give Advair 5 stars, just remember to follow your dosage with water otherwise yucky yucky taste and upset stomach.
I have received numerous shots and it works like a miracle. Within a few hours you can feel the difference. I 've been given this for numerous respiratory infections. The down fall, the injection is a little painful, but it is well worth it.
I have had chronic hives for 10 years now. They started shortly after having gastric bypass surgery and have never gone away.  I was on a cocktail of allergy medications for years and they only kept the hives from getting too out of control.  I also was on an immune suppressant (that organ transplant patients take) for almost two years with very little change.  I tried acupuncture too. About two years ago my allergist approved for me to get Xolair injections.  This was the first time in 8 years where I didn 't have hives at all.  An injection lasts approximately 8 weeks and then I start breaking out again.  I have had no side effects from it. I hope one day my hives will go away, but for now, this has been the ONLY medication that has worked
I was very unsure about going ahead with this treatment, but nothing else had worked and have had OAB all my life. From the start of all the OAB treatments that failed and inconclusive results to my first 150ml injection was around 18 months. End of line treatment was Botox or acupuncture, so I opted for Botox. Well, it was definitely worth the wait and the procedure was very straightforward. Fully prepared with my chosen catheters ready to be used, I was pleasantly surprised to find I hardly used them. No UTIs, just a life changing feeling of no urgency. I 've read some horror stories on here, maybe I 'm lucky. Not getting up in the night anymore, no urgency, catheter free, it 's the only treatment that 's worked for me!
Eskalith (Lithium) is by far the most effective drug for bipolar disorder.
I 've been on Viberzi for a little over a month now and it 's been fantastic.   My only problem is, each morning when I take it, i always feel like my arms way 100 pounds so, I lay down for a little while until that passes but then I 'm good to go for the rest of the day. I 'll take a little discomfort in my muscles for a day of not having to worry about pooping my pants
Was taking Wellbutrin XL (bupropion) 150mg in AM &amp; Zoloft (sertraline) 150mg at night.  There was a miscommunication at my pharmacy so was out of Zoloft over a holiday weekend (3 days).  It was the best miscommunication ever!  With solely the Wellbutrin XL I have my old self back minus the anxiety &amp; depression.  I wake-up refreshed. I  have more energy. I 'm not napping every day or extremely lethargic.  I 'm excited to exercise, my libido is back &amp; I 'm calm and happy.  It also has seemed to help with my food cravings, extra bonus.
I have not felt this happy and normal in a very long time. Do feel shaky about once a day but worth it to feel happy again.
This product is the best thing that has ever happened to my struggle with acne. In fact this product cleared it up! It took 3 months and my acne was gone. I still struggle with oily skin while using this product and after a couple of hours while wearing the product the gel will start to peel off so I recommend you only put it on when you go to bed. But other than that its definitely my favorite acne clearing solution.
Citalopram  works great for me. I 've been on and off of it for about 5 years. When I was on it several years ago it was like night and day. I have major depression and general anxiety. When going back on it most recently (4 months ago), I started at 20mg for the first month. The first dose helped my anxiety immensely. Within a few weeks my depression lifted some. I 'm now on 40mg again and it is definitely helping, but I feel like in the past it worked better for the depression. So Today I 've started 5mg Abilify  in addition; hoping it will help some more.
Cipro has been a great help dealing with my urinary tract infections. Normally after the first pill I feel tremendous relief. I am fortunate that I do not experience any side effects.
I 'm on my third month now, and the side effects aren 't too harsh. I have my mood swings like any girl, my sex-drive has increased greatly, so far has prevented pregnancy, and has cleared up my skin SO much! I used to get really bad cramps before I started Sprintec to the point where I 'd throw up or start balling my eyes out, but now they 're very slight cramps, or non-existent. My period has always been regular, and taking this pill hasn 't changed that. No spotting at all while taking the active pills, and no yeast infections. The very first month that I began taking this pill I did get a bladder infection, but cranberry pills and a LOT of water cleared it up in less than two days. My breasts have gone from a 34B to a 34C. Overall I love it.
Overall this was a good pill for me. The only reason I stopped taking it was because i wanted to switch to a form of birth control that i didnt have to take everyday. At first for maybe the first two weeks I felt more depressed but after that I felt the same as usual. I did spot through pretty much the whole second month BUT that has happened with every birth control I have been on, so I think it is just my body. There was also a mild increase in acne toward the end of the first pack but it went away and my skin became very clear. This pill was also helpful for excess hair growth that i have in certain areas. It was a helpful pill for my pms symptoms and to regulate my periods.
This has been good. 
My doctor always prescribes Levaquin for bad sinus infections and congestion because of my many drug allergies.  I LOVE Levaquin.  Within hours of the first dose all of the mucus in my head and/or chest starts to make a mass exodus.  At times, the volume and swiftness that it drains can choke you -- but this medicine works and it works FAST.  It 's made me cough so hard I gag, but all of my coughs are super productive, if not overly so.  I recommend this to anyone wanting to get better and back in the saddle at warp speed.
I 'm on my second implant, and although I got on pretty well with the first one I 've decided to have this one out early. For the first year or two I wouldn 't have any periods at all, which was great, but towards the last year I 'd start to have random, then more regular periods. This time, I 've started getting bad cramps and heavier periods so I think it 's time to try something else.Insertion and removal is fine - you get local anaesthetic, might be a little bruising after and scars but it 's nothing to worry about.My biggest cons are that my sex drive went way down, and I gained about 25lbs. All in all it is effective and worth giving a go.
I am a 76 year old female and have been taking Celebrex on and off for many years.  When my arthritis gives me pain I take it for about 2 or 3 weeks and the pain is gone.  Right now I have been taking it everyday for the last 3 months because I need a knee replacement and I am practically free of pain.  I highly recommend Celebrex for any kind of pain.  I have had no side effects.
Prednisone, plaquenil, mobic, sulfasalisine and arava weren 't keeping my pain at bay and I was so tired, stiff and sore that I was struggling at work. My Dr Jenny decided to try orencia by self injection weekly and after a month I started to feel better and my inflammation levels started to go down. I am now off the plaquenil and prednisone and working an 8  hr day 3 days a week gardening and landscaping. I hope it continues, it saved my work life.
I 've been using Combivent since 2000 up to now but not on a regular basis, only during severe asthma attack and it gives immediate relief.
I have been using Campral for 35 days and I am amazed at how it works. It worked immediately for me and I have absolutely no desire to drink again. I wish I 'd known abut it years ago. I 'm not an alcoholic but I was a terrible binge drinker. I don 't miss the hangovers or the regrets one little bit.
I 'm thrilled with this product. After using for 6 weeks I have gone 7 days without have to remove facial hair. I have blond hair so hence laser wouldn 't work for me. After going through the menopause I was having to pluck almost daily, I was staggered at the speed the hair was growing. I heard about this product googling methods of hair removal, and found out it was available on prescription in the UK. I went to my GP, thinking I would have to beg to get it prescribed as it 's very expensive. My GP was extremely sympathetic and happily agreed, and wished me good luck, as I believe sadly it doesn 't work for everyone. I really hope more and ladies hear about this product. Absolute life saver!!
I 've suffered from Hyperhidrosis for several years. It started on my forehead and just spread. I had given up all hope. I went to two Dermatologist 's and I was just told to take with me extra clothing to change or that I had to loose weight. I sweated no matter what. If it was snow outside, I was still sweating. If I just sat at home and enjoyed a movie I was sweat.There was no cure for this and I had given up. I got social anxiety and I avoided people and situations. Could only wear dark and black cloths. Suddenly I was hit by a miracle. Oxybutynin. I didn 't belive the drug could help at all, but the Dermatologist said I should give it a try. My life has changed since then. I can finally live as a normal human being again.
Just started Qsymia 9/24/13 weighing in @ 239lbs as of this morning 10/4/13 I weighed in at 232.6lbs. Eating a little healthier, smaller meals more frequently only drinking water or freshly brewed unsweetened Tea, no carbonated beverages, nothing with high fructose corn syrup and nothing with any artificial sweeteners. And I have to be honest I am no by any means a gym person I haven 't stepped foot in a gym in years, however I do stay very active with housework inside and outside of the home, which after a while is exercise in itself. Also I find I can go on very little sleep, I am full of energy and feel great. This is a miracle in my book. Good luck everyone.
I have been taking phenergan for insomnia and find it works great, I have had trouble sleeping most nights for a few months mostly due to being wired up at bedtime I have random thoughts running through my mind when I lie down which stops me sleeping and then I get anxious about not sleeping which then prolongs the time taken to fall asleep but Phenergan seems to calm my mind because of it 's sedative properties. I take a 25-50mg doseage and 30 to 45 mins later I begin to relax and feel drowsy enough to fall asleep, I get a good 6 or 7 hours sleep on them, overall these tablets work for me. Only side effects have been dry mouth and groggy in the morning but those are better than getting no sleep at all.
I can 't hold a computer job without Lacriserts.   For anyone with dry eyes or dry eye disease, these are God-send.
Autumn depression
After many years of steadily gaining I topped out at 330 lbs. I wanted the bypass surgery but family was not on board. After changing doctors and seeing a new Endo,  she suggested victoza and I am very grateful. I just came back from my 3 week follow-up and so far I 've lost 14 pounds.  My appetite has subsided and there are many times where I know I 'm hungry but I just can 't eat. Terrible gas and diarrhea so I need to be careful from eating fruit and too much cereal. Portion control is easy because I cannot finish the plate anyway.  I went up to the full dose mistakenly the end of the first week and that was not good. I went back to the middle dose and I will challenge the higher dose in a couple of weeks. Good stuff. Happy.
I was really hesitant to take Abilify after being on Zoloft and later Wellbutrin without noticing effects, but I did anyways and within a few days I started noticing effects. I feel surprisingly good now. I find myself doing chores like washing dishes or my laundry and realize that usually I would just slump around saying &quot;I 'll do it tomorrow&quot; until I 'm nearly out of clean clothes or dishes. I find myself singing to songs on the radio and my mood is not only noticeably better -- but remarkably and incredibly better. I haven 't noticed any side effects except maybe that I 'm a bit hungrier than usual -- for instance, I 'll feel hungry and get a meal but not be able to finish it. So far, excellent results. Only about 2 weeks in.
After suffering for more than ten days with a stuffed nose and post nasal drip cough, I tried this medicine for the first time this morning. Two squirts in each nostril and within an hour, I felt like a new person. I am so grateful for trying this stuff. It is such a game changer for me. It 's now about seven hours later and I still feel wonderful. What a blessing.
I 've tried all types of birth control and this one is by far the best. I had spontaneous zits on my face but no severe acne however with this birth control I rarely have ANYTHING on my face.  (keep in mind it took me about 3- 4 months for it to completely clear up my skin) which is normal.  No weight gain. Very short periods. Only negatives it 's that I cry like a baby over any emotional movie.  Like I can 't even control it,  it 's crazy.  But I 'll take that over a pimple face any day.  I also like this specific birth control because my previous one used to make me bruise very easily,  but I see improvement with this type.
I took two tramadol and had the best night 's sleep for longer than I can remember.  I have chronic back pain I got from from when I was younger where I was in a tournament fight. I am 40 now with a kid and working 50 plus hours per week (mostly sitting down). I have taken everything and been in physical therapy and nothing seems to work.  I hate being in a fog of the other narcotics. I want to enjoy my life and my family not be oblivious to it.  This is amazing. I don 't want side effects so I 'll keep it to a minimum.
BP1, most recent episodes were manic and mixed. Taking lamotrigine for the last 11 months as mono-therapy (with klonopin PRN) after no meds for 15 years. Upping verrrrrry slowly, got up to 100mg about 4 months ago and it 's been mostly smooth sailing since then. Kpin is down to .25mg, 2-3x/month so I know the lamictal is helping my anxiety and insomnia. OCD is WAY improved as well. Oh, and I was really afraid of the weight gain with mood stabilizers but at my yearly checkup last week I found out that I 'd LOST 20 lbs over the last year without even realizing it.
I love the Implanon. I have tried all other birth controls except the ones you insert in the uterus or Mirena. Anyway, my period has been nonexistent since 2010 and my partner couldn 't be happier. I do have sharp back pain and cramps including mood swings basically everything that my body would do if it was &quot;pregnant&quot; like the OBgyn explained. I have gained 20 plus pounds but I know a majority of it is my diet and exercise so I highly recommend this to women who want something long term.
I have had migraines since the age of 7. I am now 61. It took a lot of trial and error but Prodrin actually works at the onset. I also have trigeminal neuralgia which is excruciating nerve pain around the facial and ear area. Surprisingly the Prodrin helps stop it in its track along with an anti-seizure medicine Lamictal. That was a bonus for me.
For 18 years, panic attacks ruled my life. I went through more than a few psychologists, worked on issues that weren 't even issues and finally, my doctor prescribed Klonopin. I cannot tell you the difference in my life. I went from agoraphobia to being free in a very short time. I drive, fly, walk and go where I want to. It 's a genetic condition. I have siblings with panic disorder as well. I take 1mg Klonopin 3 X a day. This medication allowed me to have the life I deserved.
Found it extremely helpful plus no need for blood work but w/ my sensitivity to many of the additives I can only take one brand, which is the generic brand.
Love it love it
If you have spent money on Mucinex, etc then you will appreciate Duratuss G even more for the lower cost and better job!
I love this medication so much! It helps me so much with my impulsive behavior! Don 't listen to all of those reviews that say that it makes you have a new personality. It is very rare. If you use it you will be sure to thank me!
As soon as I feel a tingling on my lip I apply Abreva - have a tube at work, in car and at home.  In 5 yrs I have not had a cold sore break out if I apply Abreva in time.  LOVE THIS STUFF and would pay a lot more than the $20 cost - also HARMON has it for $15.
I tried every psych medicine on the market and none controlled my bipolar problem until I was prescribed clozapine. This med has given me my life back. I am able to live a balanced, normal life on this med with little to no ill side effects. This med controls my manic, erratic behaviors and I feel stable.
I had chronic insomnia and the Doctor tried Ambien, Lunesta, and some other hypnotic which the name escapes me right now. Those drugs (for me anyway) are worthless. I would get up in morning and find a mess in kitchen, (I live alone) and no memory of fixing food. Furthermore, began having terrible dreams/nightmares. So Doctor tried me on Dalmane, he said it has been on market for many years. It worked great. No  'hangover '. Slept 6 hours straight for first time in months.
I was taking 1mg of Doxazosin, for about a year, for my urine stream.  I went off this and went to Terazosin, when the Doxazosin became unavailable.  Taking 1mg of Terazosin, for 3 months worked very well, a strong urine stream and sexual functions were improved, the best in a few years. Then the product became unavailable an was put on 0.4 mg of Tamsulosin, within 15 days my urine stream and sexual functions reverted back to 4 months prior.  I complained to my doctor and found another pharmacy selling Terazosin.  I have been on the pill for 3 days and waiting for the product to adjust to previous levels.  Remember if it works, don 't change, you 'll be disappointed.
Have been on many other pain medicines just started on Soma and I finally slept and I can do basic household chores. Pain is still there but not like it was I have degenerative disc bulging disks and broken tail bone that now curls up that causes great pain. I am so glad that my doctor prescribed this for my pain as the other medicines (Flexeril, Tramadol, Vicodin, Amitrip) did nothing for me.
I have only used this once so I am not sure about ongoing side effects, but it is absolutely amazing stuff. It made my skin red-free and I felt like I was looking at my face for the first time. It lasted for the evening, then I washed it off. My skin became blotchy and stung a little bit, but this morning it is at its normal redness and not worse. I 've been trying cures/remedies for rosacea since I was 19 - I 'm so relieved right now, although a little bit wary because I still don 't feel like something this good can be true. Looking forward to using it again today! 
Excellent results; no side effects.
No more grand mal seizures.
I have never been on medicines for ADD. My parents refused, as an adult I found life to be difficult with this disorder.  After taking Wellbutrin. Feel like my true self. Like a &quot;normal&quot; adult. I have focus and can complete tasks. I don 't feel the need to stay in bed to avoid the world. This medicine has been a blessing.
I was diagnosed with PCOS in January 2015 then started metformin in July and got a BFP in August. Metformin helped me ovulate and regulate my menstruals. Very thankful.
I have been on so many SSRIs over the last 30 years. Nothing has decreased the dark place I was always in. It has caused my friends and family to try and disguise the depression. Very sceptical about Remeron. Last night was night 1 and woke up twice for potty, no probs. Woke up and it only took 2 hours to be alert. It works. I 'm not in the dark place, I feel good.If it keeps getting better then I thank God. For the most part I can think clearly , just a hint of anxiety but so grateful.Don 't be afraid to try it.
So far it seems okay. It controls my eating.
Works great I love it.
I have had insomnia for years. But lately it has just gotten to the point I wasn 't getting any quality sleep. I was taking 1mg Klonipin at night, which does relax me but did not make me sleep. I saw an ad on tv about this medication. I asked my dr about it and he said let 's try it. I have been in it for 2 weeks and I am getting the best sleep of my life . I take it about 15 minutes before I get in bed. Once I am in bed, in asleep in a few minutes . No waking up, no tossing and turning. I sleep like I have never before . It last between 7-8 hours. I woke up look at the clock in amazement that I have actually slept 7 hours. It is the best sleep aide I have ever tried. Ambien snd Lunesta did not work at all. No bad side effects.
I 've been on B about 2 weeks and lost 5lbs.  I 'm not doing anything extreme diet wise...eating calories based on BMR and plan to exercise more regularly next week.  I 've had mild cough, fatigue and body aches but I hear it 'll subside.  It 's worth it right now.  I seem to have more awareness, self control and get full faster.  I have hypo thyroid and losing weight was always hard for me even with crazy programs and costly supplements.  For the first time in forever I feel in control of what I 'm choosing!  I know it will be a long journey but I 'm ready.
In Jan of this year I weighed 170.0. I had some gallbladder issues that ended up with it being taken out and caused some weight gain. It is now May and my last weigh in was 141.4. I love my adipex and I would recommend it for anyone. I have had two children and so my body has been through the ringer. I love the energy it gives me and the appetite suppression. I also like that it makes you thirsty and the only thing that helps is water. I am now a water drinker and I drink well over the daily recommendation. I love this!!
Been on escitalopram now for over a year.  Have had dry mouth the whole time.  Anyone else experience this?
I have had a good experience on this birth control. Honestly I was terrible at taking a pill everyday. So I switched to this after a year on birth control pills. Its convent. Unnoticeable. You don 't feel it, neither my partner noticed it, only of a few occasions. No mood issues. No unusual bleeding issues. No gain weight or anything honestly medically concerning. Would recommended it to my friends as it was to me. Only thing I would say is its tricky to insert but it loosens up. You can remove it during intercourse too. I tried that and honestly now I just leave it in.
I have had this for 4 weeks now and think all girls should get it. I always had a regular cycle and a period every 4 weeks but now haven 't had one since before I got it. I haven 't gained any weight (yet) amd haven 't had an increased appetite. The only slight downfall is I get a little bit of pain in my arm sometimes but nothing unbearable. Would highly recommend!
I wanted to share my experience while being on celexa. Before celexa I was a wreck, having racing thoughts and felt like I couldn 't get out of bed. I 'm a mother of two and a happily married wife. I 've suffered with anxiety for about 6 years and I was so scared to get on medication. It wasn 't until I seen a constant pattern of me going to the emergency room with panic attacks and the hospital staff knew my name as soon as I walked in! Being on celexa has completely changed my life back to the woman I was. It literally gave my mind a clear focus and now I live in the present. Not worrying about a million and one things. Before I couldn 't even communicate because my thoughts would just race and I would be stuck in my own head.
This cream is amazing, I would definitely recommend this to anyone who struggles with acne. When I first went to the doctors about my acne they said to use this cream but it is very strong with antibiotics. I had spots all over my face when I first went and in about 4 days most of them went. If you get any issues then I suggest using a different type if acne cream like duracell.
I 'm 41 and started having acne problems in my mid-30s. Lots of little bumps and zits. After years of it getting worse, despite efforts with ProActiv etc, I finally went to a dermatologist. I have been on this medication for about 5 months, plus azelaic acid in the morning and tretinoin at night. This combination is working - my skin is nearly clear! Downsides: it does hurt the stomach a bit on an empty stomach. Recently I 've had an yeast infection, so I laid off the antibiotic for a few days to see what would happen - zits started sneaking back, so now I 'm downing yoghurt, and slathering on the sunscreen...so worth it!
Started to get post nasal drip horribly over four months ago. tried every otc drug know for allergies, remove bedroom carpet, bought high end humidifier, air purifier, netti potted and drank four liters of water a day. Nothing helped and i would wake up every hour and a half coughing from mucus build up. This medication stopped my symptoms within 2 days.Its very expensive but worth every penny.
I am 42 and began taking Cymbalta 4 weeks ago. I started with 30mg for 2 weeks, and am currently taking 60mg a day. I began taking this drug due to the advice of my doctor after approaching him about my uncontrolable anger issues that have plagued me my entire adult life. I have to say that it has been a lifesaver. I have never gone 1 week, never mind 4 weeks without an anger outburst or stress related outburst. My family is happier..I am happier...I have never felt this great...only side effects are some dry mouth at night and occasional tiredness during the day...an easy trade off for a drug that has given me my life back!!!
So far, so good!!
I just want to say before I start this, that I have a very low pain tolerance. I am 18, with 1 kid, and I would just like to say that I thought this would be a terrible experience because of some very bad reviews. I think everyone reviews when something goes bad and not enough people review the good things. I was pleasantly surprised to not feel any pain at all. When they measure your cervix, it is uncomfortable. When thy clean your cervix, it feels like a pap smear. And I have read a lot of reviews where people say they feel a pinch, but I didn 't even feel it. All I felt was the cramps afterward. But this is only the day after I got it as I am writing this and I feel just like normal. Would recommend to anyone and everyone!!!!!
I 've taken Veramyst for 11 days. My cavity fluid was &quot;moderate.&quot; In one week the fluid was reduced to &quot;small.&quot; A moderate amount of fluid is very uncomfortable to me, with shortness of breath and sinking oxygen level. Blood oxygen went from 91% to 96% in that first week of using Veramyst. It 's now at 98%. A huge difference to me in how I feel with the moderate amount of fluid to the small amount. No side effects noted.
I started 50mg of Sertraline bc of depression, racing thoughts and lots of suicidal urges/thoughts. I 've been on the meds for 3 weeks now. I haven 't had those major depressed moments like I did. Its like all that crazy head stuff fell away. I 'm not super anxious anymore either. I feel calmer and less stressed/angry. I had a lot going on. I decided to get help instead of trying to do this alone. I have had some insomnia but if that 's my only side effect, I will take it!! In the past I always stopped treatment when I started feeling better...this time I 'm going to continue for my own safety. Depression is not a good place to be. Wish all readers the best!
I had been a smoker for about 19 years about a pack a day. I had tried a couple times to quit smoking, but nothing ever lasted more than a week or two. I was nervous to try Chantix because of all the message boards about the side effects, but I tried anyways. Not even ten days in, I quit smoking. It surprised me how easy it was and then a couple weeks after that I stopped taking the pill and I haven 't had even an urge. I recommend it. I had a couple super vivid dreams, but nothing crazy and it was totally worth it.
I 've suffered with undiagnosed bipolar 2 for almost 3 decades. For almost 20 years I was on various antidepressants that didn 't work, and made my depression worsen.My primary doctor suggested I see a psychiatrist for my lingering depression. Due to the stigma of mental illness, I put it off, but finally saw a psychiatrist.  She diagnosed my condition,  and I started a low, 25 mg dosage of lamotrigine. My dosage will slowly increase over the next 6 months to a year. The first time I entered the psychiatrist 's office, I was filled with melancholy and regret.  My first follow up visit to the psychiatrist, I was filled with hope and resilience.
Zipsor is the ONLY med that gives me relief from intense pain in both shoulders due to widespread inflammation. This drug is absolutely amazing.
Was given this to substitute for Protonix due to insurance conflicts and price. This works better than anything before as long as you keep it regular in your system. I have only experienced minor side effects while on it thus far, including minor cramps, loose stools and an occasional rash on my neck or face (which is common).
I have been on this drug for five years and have had no problems. Since being on it, my cholesterol levels have drastically reduced, although I am on lipid lowering drugs as well. It is certainly better than Kaletra
It worked for me! I am 210 pounds and it worked. 2 weeks ago, The condom fell off without him or me knowing. he came in me and We didn 't realize it was off until he pulled out. We were terribly scared. Immediately after we realized this, we went to pick up Aftera from CVS. It was $40.  I took this pill about an hour and a half after the incident. I was saving up money for an abortion if I needed it just in case. But luckily my period is here, and only 1 day early! I 'm so happy and excited about effectiveness. Thank you aftera.
I took Lisinopril for about a year and a half. I coughed so bad all the time I could not stand it any longer. Stopped up head and hard to breathe. My doctor changed me to Diovan 160mg and I have been on it for 2 months now and my head has cleared and my cough is completely gone. My blood pressure has been in the. 110 's over 60 's. So far I am very happy with Diovan!!!
I experienced a very low libido, very few erections, and dry orgasms.
I had a very bad experience on Lo Ovral (angry all the time, dead sex drive, hungry constantly) in the past, and was not sure how I felt about going back on the pill for my PCOS. But turns out Microgestin has been okay on my system. I 'm about a year in, and within the first 3 months my breasts definitely grew half a cup size. My sex drive decreased and my nipples are tender. I did feel paranoid for about 3 months, then it normalized and my mood has been fine since.  I am convinced it has made me gain weight around the hips, ugh- however I have not actually gained real weight. After being on it about a year, my sex drive is coming back finally and mentally I feel normal. My periods are nice and light, they linger about 5 days total.
I 've been on the patch for about 4 months now and I can honestly say that I love it. This is my first time being on BC and I did a lot of research before picking one out. The first 3 months I experienced some of the side effects: headaches, nausea, sore breast, emotional as hell. But all that stopped in the 3rd month. I still get a little emotional but that 's just regular pms 'ing. Do not buy the generic brand. It sucks ass. It doesn 't stick as well as the name brand so I spend the $5 to get it. My skin gets a little irritated around the patch but I have seriously dry skin so that can play a factor. Overall I 'm loving it! My bf can relax a little because he doesn 't have to worry about condoms anymore because this is more cost efficient.
I 've only been on Brintellix for 3 weeks and I am about to reach my &quot;therapeutic dose&quot; of 20mg as prescribed by my psychiatrist (started at 5mg and have been going up 5mg each week). I 've experienced zero nausea which seems to be the biggest complaint people have. I was warned to take the pill with a full breakfast though so maybe that has helped? I 've also not had a decrease in sexual desire nor ability to perform which is awesome. By the second day I felt almost intensely cheery and had great urges to do artistic activities. The only side effect I seem to have had is very vivid dreams. No nightmares though. Just high-def dreams about walking my dog or shopping.
I had the Mirena inserted 7 months ago was a little painful and discomfort for a couple of minutes, but if you have been through normal child birth if you can handle that pain you can handle anything. After the insert of the Mirena which my doctor recommended because I was suffering from heavy menstrual bleeding and would last up 2 weeks. I spotted a little after insertion and was also cramping the next day was all gone about a week after insertion wham the bleeding was full on for about 1-2 weeks then it would stop a few days then wham bleeding again. It was constant 1 week stop another few days. I was so frustrated, so was my hubby. Now everything has settled we are all different, you have to be patient.
I have always been a person who had no problem getting an erection.  Maintaining though for a great sexual experience had been becoming a problem.  The use of Cialis has given me 15 to 20 years back on my sex life.  No problems now at all maintaining a full erection throughout the whole experience with my partner.  Had a little upset stomach which only lasted a few minutes.  No major side effects at all.
I 've been on probably at least 20 different forms of birth control for one reason or another, usually due to painful cramps and heavy flow.  I 've noticed in the almost 2 years of taking it, my period is down to 2 days that I get 4 times a year.  I get severely depressed for one day, the day I go off of them to get my period, and my cramps are not as bad as they usually were. They are now about a 6 on a 1-10 scale when they had been a 12 in the past.  Overall, pretty pleased with it.  I have gained about 10 lbs over 2 years but like most women have said, it 's water retention.  I have a very healthy libido and haven 't had any spotting.
I knew that I had an arthritis since I started College. Since then I 'm suffering from it after my doctor told me to take this medicine. Thanks to Celebrex my suffering has ended. This medicine is great!
The best anti-depressant I have ever experienced, I couldn 't sleep longer than 5 to 6 hours a night of broken sleep, now I average 8 hours of fit full sleep. When things don 't go my way now I simply shrug my shoulders, before I thought the World was conspiring against me. The drug seemed to work for me almost instantly, didn 't take me the normal 4 weeks before I noticed an improvement in my mental well-being. Can 't thank the creators enough. Big ups!!
I was on zenzedi for about 6 months. I loved it! I have only tried Ritalin for my ADD and it made me psychotic, and once I stopped taking it I was too scared to take anything else. Well 10 years later, and sick of my ADD, I was prescribed this medication and it worked! I also had no beginning side effects.  The only complaint I have is how quickly it wore off, but it could be my own metabolism and anyone else could be different. However, due to my new insurance I am switching to Adderall XR, I 'll write an comparison opinion when I begin taking it.
Of course my partner doesn 't pull out on ovulation day, took &quot;take action&quot; 24 hours later, 4 days later I have a massive period with worst cramps ever!! Very tender even to touch my lower abdomin. Dispite the bleeding I still have worry. :/ won 't do that nonsense again!!
I like this drug. I had tried hydrochlorothiazide and my glucose and uric acid elevated. My doctor talked with me and put me on this instead. She started me on 25 mg. No adverse effects but nothing major happened in lowering BP. She moved me to 50 mg and better but still not consistent. Now on 100 mg and its consistently lower, seems to have relaxed my lungs and heart and I sleep better. No cough or other side effects.
I have acid reflux for 10 years and have been on every PPI and H2 blocker on the market nothing worked did test after test nothing was found, started getting nausea (extreme nausea) and Nothing helped finally my doc prescribed me reglan (mind you she said she only uses this as a last resort befoer surgery is considered) and BAM! Worked amazingly I still take zantac to help against small bouts of reflux but reglan has helped me gain control back of my life! I had side effects at first (nothing major I just felt restlessness in my legs) but they eventually went away! 10/10 100% recommend!
i love nuvaring.it works wonders for me .. i dont even feel it  nor does my partner, and yes of course if a man finishes inside u , ur protected from pregnancy honey! thats what its for. it has never slip out . that probably happens to these woman that have the looses cuchi! lol , The only bad side effect that i get is mild to  severe nausea and some acne. sometimes im not even hungry but  that any birth control with estrogen will make u nauseous because of the estrogen. every body is different but i would highly recommend it
I 'm a 70 year-old guy who has had BPH for over 10 years.  Was taking Avodart, which worked OK, but had the sexual side effect of reducing the amount of semen I produced, which greatly impeded my sexual performance.  Switched to 5 mg daily of Cialis 5 months ago.  I was pleased to find that semen production returned to normal in about 2 months, which was the main reason for switching drugs.  But much to my surprise I found that it reduced BPH symptoms by about 90%.  It 's turned out to be a miracle drug for me--no side affects that I 'm aware of.  Enhanced erections is an extra benefit.
This medicine has been amazing. I was put on 40 mg at night and we changed it to 20 mg in the morning and 20 mg at night. It makes me a bit sedated during the day, but honestly this is a relief, since I 'm just really glad not to be so paranoid and afraid anymore. It 's made the voices leave, paranoia go way down, and I don 't fly off the handle over every little thing anymore. No weight gain, no increased appetite, and I don 't feel dumb as a rock like I have on Risperdal or Geodon. Would definitely recommend this medicine to anyone who hasn 't tried it but who needs a change! I 've been on it for about 4 and a half weeks.
I have had GERD since 1997. I have used Prilosec, Nexium, Aciphex, Prevacid, and Protonix (most recently).  NONE of them worked.  I was on a double-dose of Protonix when my GP sent me to the GI Specialist for a upper gastrointestina Scope.  After that I was prescribed Dexilant.  Not only has it  'CURED ' my GERD symptoms, it has also settled my IBS symptoms.  I used to have to go to the bathroom almost immediately after eating and more than once a day I would have  'emergency ' moments where if I didn 't get to the bathroom quick I was in trouble.  All of those symptoms are gone.  I know this doesn 't work for everyone but if you 're like me and you 've tried it all you need to give this medicine a try.  It is amazing.
I 've been taking Diclofenac 50mg once a day for many years. If I forget for any reason the pain immediately returns. I am now 60 and the arthritis in my fingers is getting worse, but as I can take up to 3 tablets a day I can just increase my dosage. I recently recommended Diclofenac to a friends 90 year old mother, she had immediate relief and was so thankful.
Caused steady increase in creatinine level over 3 month period and my PCP thought I was getting kidney disease.  Very scary.  I was the one to suggest stopping it rather than go to a nephrologist which is what my Dr advised.  My creatinine levels went back to normal after stopping it.
I had my Kyleena placed a little over a month ago, and it has been wonderful. I switched from the NuvaRing to the IUD due to irritation. The insertion was only a tad painful, but I did experience vasovagal syncope. After laying down for 15 minutes and drinking some juice, I was good to drive home. The spotting went down after the first two weeks and is now only occasional. Except the spotting, I love it. Recommend for anyone who does not want to deal with remembering a pill every day, getting something inserted in their arm, or changing out a ring!
I was curious about Viagra for a few years every time my doctor asked if &quot;everything is still working&quot;. I finally asked for a prescription, and wish I had asked sooner. My wife and I are in mid-60s and Viagra is making me totally dependable in the bedroom again, several times per week. Wife cuts 100 mg pills into quarters, which makes the cost bearable. Planning a session ahead of time adds to the excitement. It is great to be rock-hard again, and my climaxes are more intense. No side effects, except increased sensitivity to sunlight and a bluish tint. I highly recommend it to any guy who thinks he needs help.
I am 22 years old and never was a bad student throughout school but was always very unfocused when it came to reading comprehension and listening to lectures. I now work for a general physician and she seemed to notice my frustration with not being able to get anything done when there was a lot to do. I would get very aggravated easily and had very bad mood swings. My doctor prescribed me Adderral XR and I waS very hesitant to take it. When I started taking it I felt like I was much calmer, was able to do my job. It 's really great me and my husband get along now because I 'm not so uptight. It does give me dry mouth and insomnia but I can deal with the no appetite. Overall I think it is great!
Not only is Benadryl great for allergic reactions, it is great for insomnia too.  I use it for a variety of conditions and always carry some in my purse - just in case.
Started on Saphris 2 months ago for sleep and bi-polar. I started at 5 mg---total nightmare! Couldn 't sleep, picked arguments with my husband and was generally very hyped and energetic ( in a good but bad way!). I never saw a manic episode coming at me--but I saw this one! After 5 days I called the doctor and was advised to go up to 10mg. WOW!! Immediate turn around that night (I only take it at night) and my sleep was fantastic! My attitude was amazing and my husband was delighted with his loving and easy going wife! I felt great--not drugged just happy and content. Work with it--it 's turned my life around!
Hi! I 've had fever blisters/cold sores/herpes of the mouth, etc since I was about 2 years old.So I know the horrible way it affects your self esteem. Not sure who kissed me as a baby , but may they forever burn! Ps...don 't kiss your babies or let anyone else do it. I 've learned a lot about the virus and could tell you many facts, such as its really just a virus. You get it , your immune system fights it , and it dies... but not with out leaving some of its DNA in your body. If you get cold sores, the DNA lingers in a big nerve ganglia in your neck. And no you can 't have it removed ,I asked! Valtrex is a life saver. Tell your doctor right away you need a script for 30 w 5 rfls. Be firm. Don 't be swayed. Always have 2 on you.Take ASAP.
I can 't believe that after 3 years of severe widespread neuropathic pain of unknown origin, I am sleeping 8-10 hours and have had total pain reduction from about a 8 at worst to now a 1.5I 've only been on 10 mg at night for 3 days. I hope it 's not coincidence or placebo affect. A bit drowsy and a dizzy spell today. But completely worth it. I 'm falling asleep faster now. My mood seems to be more calm as well. I hope to get off of oxycodone now.
I 've been using Byetta (10mg 2 x daily) for just over a year now in conjunction with glucophage (metformin) 500mg 2 tablets twice a day for my Type 2 diabetes. I 've also been on a pretty tight diet and exercise plan during this time and have gone from nearly 330lb to 260lb. My sugar numbers stay under 120 - usually in the 100-115 range and the a1c has been outstanding for each quarterly test. My goal is to get under 200lb. I 've had no difficulties or side effects from the Byetta - worst is a bruised area if I get rambunctuous with the needle. One thing to remember - Byetta isn 't some magical weight loss drug by itself. I hate to sound like a doctor but you have to change your eating habits totally and exercise, exercise, exercise.
I have an ibs problem 2 or 3 times a week about 30 minutes after eating. I have severe cramps with diarrhea. The pain is so bad that I experience gagging and dry heaves or vomiting. Sometimes I have constipation.  When I feel the first cramp, I take a librax and the cramps stop like a miracle. I keep my librax with me at all times because I never know when I am going to have an attack.
So I have been on gildess for exactly a year now and it is the first BC pill I have ever been on and it 's pretty great the only side effects I have noticed but haven 't really though to much about are that recently every little thing is starting to bother me, I get upset or sad for almost no real reason and I don 't feel like myself most of the time which is sad I am usually a very happy calm person but I feel like I 'm not like that anymore. Other than that I don 't have any other side effects at all it 's pretty great it regulated my period and I have no random spotting or pain of any kind so I don 't recoment it as the best form of BC but it 's not the worst one and works very well for preventing pregnancy.
Pregabalin is great. Got it for damaged nerve pain but was blown away by its other effects. Suffered from depression and anxiety for all my life. I am 41 within 3 days of taking this medicine it lifted all those years of misery away. It was like it melted away layers and layers of dark misery. Honestly pregabalin at a dose of 200mg 3 times a day is great.
I 've used Ex-lax several times to help me with constipation due to other medications. I use the one that tastes like chocolate. It 's delicious and so easy to take, it 's like eating a piece of chocolate. I don 't give it a 10 because of the cramps. They 're not that bad and I imagine is normal, but apart from that it works very well.
I 've been on Amprya almost a year and still able to walk a short distance without assistance.  Maybe 3 steps but its better then not moving.
I get a gout flare up once or twice a year, and usually one or two pills knocks it out.  This time around, one 50 mg pill is not working so well....I am on my 5th and 6th pill (took 2 or 100 mg) about an hour ago, and I am currently feeling the pain subside.Anyone else here use dosages above 50 mg....any side effects?
I use it for Osteoarthritis of the knee and shoulder arthritis from torn rotator cuffs.  It has helped me alleviate the need for surgery for many years.  It is very effective.
Hello, I started Contrave exactly 4 weeks ago; I 've lost 9 lbs. I 've been running &amp; speed walking 4.5 miles a day. Earlier I nearly passed out running and realized I had to exercise prior to taking my morning dose. Back pain this week, so two days off from running &amp; got acupuncture. Headaches were severe the 2nd and 3rd weeks, not anymore.  Difficulty urinating, &amp; waking up to pee twice a night started in week 2 and still persists, though not as severe now. I still think about food more than I wish, but I 'm able to cook &amp; bake w/o tasting the food. Oranges and yogurt are satisfying when I 'm struggling. Magnesium oxide is a must for constipation. I 'm happy, &amp; 13 lbs to reach goal.
This drug has been an absolute game-changer for me. I 've only been taking it for about 3 months so I am still getting used to not having to run to the bathroom every 15 mins. The effects were immediate. I noticed a drastic reduction in frequency just within the first few hours of taking my first dose. It 's amazing to look back and see how much I (and my friends/family) had arranged their lives around my bladder - planning for bathroom breaks, making mad dashes to the bathroom when in public, and running on the verge of dehydration for years in an attempt to reduce the frequency. I can 't imagine going back to that.
I just started taking it so my body still has to adjust but I notice that I have gotten some sleep. I have an extremely  important  medical issues going on right now. 
i was getting suicidal from severe scalp psoriasis methotrexate cleared it up,my bald spts went away but for a week ive noticed hair loss and patches coming back,i 'm so upset
I was extremely nervous going into this, so nervous my doctor prescribed me medication to calm down. I was afraid of the procedure hurting because I was told straight up it would hurt and read plenty of reviews. When I actually got it done, it was not painful at all, it was just slightly more intense than a Pap smear, accompanied with period cramps. getting my tattoo hurt more. My nurse was worried I would faint or etc, so made me lay down for an extra minute but I was just fine! Three days later, my period is gone, I was on my period for one day getting it in and after I had it for only two more days. Normally my period is five days. I had slight cramps for a few days after but nothing Advil couldn 't take care of. I 'm glad I got it!
I 've had this prescribed for surgical procedures, with migraine medications and when I take opioids because they cause swelling and intense itching.THIS IS GREAT. It ends vomiting, suppresses nausea, eliminates swelling and itching. The generic is very inexpensive and works quickly. The drowsiness side effect is unlike most drugs with this caution; I can wake quickly and think clearly, no &quot;drugged&quot; or heavy, fogged thinking.
I 'm 5 '6 and 114 lbs. Very good pill to take if you 're tiny and new to hormones. I recommend starting it the night of your new cycle to help your body get used to the hormones. Take it at night with a snack to fend off the nausea. STAY HYDRATED. You 're going to confuse thirst with hunger on this pill. Drinking more water will combat bloating, weight gain, and fatigue. It takes longer to recover after workouts. My mood has improved drastically, as well as sex drive and wetness. My acne got worse, but I 'll give it a few more months to straighten out. Love it so far.
If you use Abreva at the onset of itching where the cold sore (herpes simplex) begins, apply it immediately at the dosage on the bottle (as with any prescription) - the cold sore does NOT crust over, this medication actually starts the healing process within by absorption. I 'm just getting over one, and it was gone in 3 days without the crusty look, or scab formation that is the most embarrassing part of a cold sore and with Abreva; this does not happen. I highly recommend it, also, talk to your Dr. about Zovirax (Acyclovir). Using it in conjunction with the Abreva, works wonders!
Androderm HAD given me back a reasonable level of energy, upped my mood and allowed me to function sexually again.  Unfortunately, with the changes to the product my insurance company no longer has it on its formulary as a Preferred medicine and the cost is about $1500.00 a year (co-pay 's).  I am looking for an alternative that still allows me the benefits of a patch, without the outrageous price. Good product but I can 't afford it!
I 've had my skyla inserted for about 2 months already. It is very affective when it comes to preventing pregnancy. When I first got it inserted it was a bit painful, I was bleeding for 2 weeks straight and the cramps were horrible ! When I start my period I don 't stop bleeding for 2-3 weeks (very light bleeding) and then my period comes back in less than a week. Overall skyla is very affective and I don 't regret getting it inserted.
I have been on Gleevec for a year now. I started with 400mg but could not tolerate it so dropped to 300mg. I am in remission but nausea has become a problem. Taking antinausea meds but still nauseated most of the day. Lorazepam helps but wish I felt better without all of this. Glad to be alive though.
I took Plan B twice past half a year. Condom broke first time and then condom slipped, I am within a weight now and I took pills within 12 hour. Both times my period came 7 days late. First time I had terrible cramps I believe I made them worse by worrying and panicking. Just relax, everyone, it will work! Second time, my period was just delayed, no cramps. Which means even the same body reacts differently to this medicine. Rest well, take care of yourself, eat well and your period will come.
I have had the Mirena in for almost five years - this has been the best for quality of life. I used to be very unwell with endometriosis for many years - now I don 't even get a period. I am 25 and without children. I have had some slight side effects of slight weight gain and loss of libido - however these I keep in check with exercise and an understanding partner. Worked for me - hope it can for you.
I love it. I 'm in a clinical research study for Fibromyalgia in minors and after about four months of getting what I think was the placebo, I 've received the actual medicine. It 's worked. I know it has. I 've been taking it for about four weeks now, and in that time, I 've had two or three flare-ups, and minimum amount of migraines.I 'm about to play and run around with my 15 month old nephew. And I can hold him and put him down, then pick him back up and it doesn 't bother me all too much. I can 't even remember the last time I 've had to take bed rest because of doing too much.Overall, it took about 3-4 days to kick in. I 'm constantly hot and sweating, but that 's nothing compared to always being in pain.
I heard about this treatment from a nurse at the local CVS Pharamacy. I went online and looked up the research done. I 've been on it for around 3 months now and it works. I ran out at one point and didn 't think much of it and my pain came back. I suggest you try it, it really does help. I use it along with Pure Malic Acid and the two things together gave me my life back.
I take it 3 or 4 times a week and it works well. Full night 's sleep. A little drowsy when I wake up but it passes after my morning coffee. I love it.
I 've never had acne as a teen, my skin was usually oily but nothing a little oil control toner couldn 't fix . I had pretty clear skin. I 'm 25 yr old and have had my first baby and that 's when it started I could not believe how I broke out with severe acne. I tried a lot of over the counter acne washes but nothing worked. I went to a dermatologist who prescribed me 2 pill medication and acne night gel. IT DIDN 'T WORK. I went to family physician and she prescribed me Epiduo thank God. It worked right away after a week of using it only at night after washing my face with Cetaphil. I 've had clear skin a little burning after a week and peeling but it sure was worth it I LOVE this stuff. Acne free. Thank you.
I have had no bad side affects with this pill. I take it in conjunction with spirolactone and metformin for PCOS. The combination has helped in regulating my periods and reducing hair growth on my chin are. If I miss a few days and have to double up on pills my body definitely can feel the overload of hormones. My periods are very light and for about 2-3 days which my doctor said happens with this pill. My sex drive is definitely heighten with this birth control! To avoid a delay in starting a new pack with mailing/ordering  delays. I asked my doctor to receive more packs at once. It 's avoided issues with break through bleeding and original PCOS symptoms from getting out of control!
Started taking Brintellix 13 days ago and noticed an immediate difference. It helped with my GAD and depression. I had slight nausea after taking it on an empty stomach so ate a bite of something before taking it until my body got used to it. I 've tried EVERYTHING and this is the only medication that did not cause severe side effects. Very happy and the results are incredible. I can smile again! â˜ºï¸
Since starting on Nuvigil, I have yet to take my afternoon nap. I take Nuvigil each afternoon around 12:30 which will last until 9 pm, right when I 'm about to hit the bed. Works like a magic. But I still need something to give me extra boost. However, I feel 90% recovery. It also helps with concentration but not much. Does make you feel good.
GREAT ADHD medication. ask for financial help. they give 12 month card that takes half off the cost of Vyvanse... take as directed.
Avastin has stopped progression of my colon cancer.Cutting off the fresh blood supply and nutrition that feeds the main tumor.
I love this. No retrograde ejaculation and my flow is much improved.  I have to take it twice daily, though to get the desired results.  No side effects noticed until I went on a weight loss regimen and my blood pressure dropped significantly, but once medications were reduced, the dizziness on standing up too quickly disappeared.  Highly recommended!
I have used Apidra for over 15 years. It allows me the freedom  to eat  at restaurants and family gatherings easily and comfortably.
I have been on Percocet 10 for a month and have had more good days than I was having on Lortab.  I think Percocet is wonderful.  I have had no side effects at all.
It is fantastic that it wears off so quickly - no residual tiredness in the morning like other sleep-aids.  I do wish it lasted longer.  It really only keeps you asleep for ~4 hours.  I guess that 's what Ambien CR is for.
I love this. I had a really bad strep throat and I tried everything I can so one day after I came back from a Cody Simpson signing (I couldn 't miss that!) me and my mom walked to a doctor and he suggested Biaxin and after 1 dose I was feeling so much better it 's been 4 days and I 'm all better and I haven 't had any side effects! The only sad thing that happens while I was taking this was a day after I got it I had to miss a Justin Bieber concert with my friend (she went) because my parents didn 't know if the side effects would affect me.
I (VERY reluctantly) began 10 mg of Celexa (for anxiety) for a week, then 20 mg for the next week, and now I 've been on 30 mg for a few weeks now. I had anxiety about taking  the anti-anxiety meds!  Honestly, the first week was AWFUL. My anxiety was heightened, I couldn 't sleep, bad headaches and felt like something was tickling my brain. By the second week, those side effects were gone. My anxiety was resulting in constant physical dizziness, floor &quot;bouncing&quot; (feeling like you 're on  a boat/elevator when you 're just walking around), racing thoughts, sleeping just to avoid it all, etc. My dizziness is mostly disappeared, and usually the floor feels like it should. PLEASE DON 'T BE SCARED! It can be a lifesaver.
I am a 56 year old women in post-menopause. I have been suffering with hot flashes for 16 years and I finally decided that I cannot do this anymore.  I started Prempro two weeks ago and I am officially hot flash free and happier then I have been in years!  I cannot believe that it took me this many years to do this.  I was always scared of the risks involved.  I am so happy I made this decision because my life is now amazing.  I have not experienced and side affects at this point.  Hopefully that will continue.
Had Pneumonia for 10 days, took Augmentin 875/125, felt better in 5 days. The only side effects were nausea and diarrhea for 2 days.
I 've had BV problems for years. Always treated it with Flagyl. I 'm so inpatient that the first day I take one 500mg every 6h to speed up the process so the smell is gone in less than 2 days but I do NOT recommend taking more that 1 tablet every 12h because In fact I believe that 's what gives all the sides effects because side effects slow down once I go to regular dose. Also for people with recurrent BV symptoms look into CV infections as well because some doctors don 't know about it since it 's not as common and some people get treated for BV for years when they really have CV cause the symptoms are very close. The smell etc.. Feel better ladies ! Much love and support
For anyone who is hesitant about trying an anti depressant like Prozac because maybe you have too much pride, or you 're embarassed that you have to take a pill everyday to feel like yourself. I was suffering with anxiety and depression for about 5 years after a really traumatic car accident and refused to try anything. I 'm in my early 20s I thought I was too young. I only wished I would 've listened to my body and mind sooner. Prozac changed my life. I only take 20mg and it is incredible. I feel happy.. I feel calm. I feel like my old self. I haven 't had any anxiety in months.. I 'm not moody. It 's like that big dark cloud is finally gone, don 't be afraid to try this anti depressant. Im a brand new Me, because of it. I feel invincible
My doctor put me on Benicar HCT about 7 years ago. I was the type of person who hated to take medication so I didn 't take it consistently. I think that is why I finally realized every time I would take a pill I would wake up during the night with severe leg cramps. I told my doctor about it and he changed my prescription to plain Benicar. After that I take it regularly and have no side effects or problems at all and it keeps my blood pressure level at 110/70.
I started on Contrave April 1st doing great. Started out the day with coffee with ALOT of creamer...craving completely stopped no more coffee for me and no sugar cravings. Changed a lot of my eating habits and walk at least 1-2 miles a day. Third week in and I 've lost 8lbs!!!! Increased to 2 pills in the morning but my blood pressure began to elavate so had to discontinue the meds. Dr said I can just continue on lower dose.
I 'm an engineer, now in my 60s, and I have worked outside all my life. I have red hair and fair complexion you can imagine the skin damage I have accumulated in my lifetime. I had used the Efudex 5% cream years ago and had good results. Three months ago I began seeing a dermatologist that recommended the &quot;new&quot; technology &quot;BLUE LIGHT TREATMENTS&quot;. This did NOT work for me gave me a very mild &quot;sunburn&quot; with no apparent effect on the former skin damage and it was very expensive even after insurance coverage! I requested my treatment be changed to the proven Efudex my doctor insisted I stay with the &quot;blue light&quot;, that my skin was &quot;in very good condition&quot; and that I only needed &quot;maintenance&quot;.As you may guess I have changed physicians and now I am being treated with Efudex again. My skin is now in full reaction after only two weeks treatment with Efudex. Yes with Efudex your skin is unsightly and uncomfortable from week 2 through to week 4; but, this is a small price to be cancer free. Efudex works! 
I was taking Adderall for nearly 3 years, when my insurance would no longer cover it. I started taking it when I enrolled into college. It helped me achieve the honor roll every term I was taking it. I felt more confident and focused, whereas in high school I was unable to do such tasks and received D 's and F 's. I wish that I was taking Adderall again. I 've taken Ritalin, Methaline and now Dexedrine which doesn 't compare to Adderall. I have been taking this for 6 months now, and I am no longer on the honor roll. No matter how hard I try, my focus isn 't where I need it to be. On the other hand, I don 't have the side effects of severe irritability or quick anger that Adderall tends to cause.
I had very bad anxiety and was prescribed Prozac. I found the initial side effects very difficult and didn 't feel quite right for some time and was constantly doubting the medicine. However, after eight weeks of taking it, the side effects have subsided and I feel back to my usual self. What a relief. If you are finding it tough, hang on in there, I 'm sure you will get there.
awesome
Have used Accutane and/or Claravis for a few cycles and experienced incredible results. Skin started clearing up within 4 weeks. By the 7th week, skin was completely clear from any redness, or new breakouts. I 've tried everything available over-the-counter and other prescription antibiotics for my type of acne and although they would work for a while, the acne kept coming back.Accutane is the only thing that has ever worked for me.
This has helped me endlessly. I started taking it about 5 months ago, The first thing that it helps with is sleep, I 'll fall asleep so easily &amp; not wake, One thing I noticed however was the vivid dreaming, not too bad if you aren 't freaked out by bad or plain weird dreams. For the first few days/weeks it was harder to get up in the morning but having caffeine really helps. I would always feel low before this medication, sad, hopeless and have no energy. With it I 'm more confident, make more effort with other people, not afraid of my own company and anything that happens I can see logically. One of my problems was illogical thinking and this has reduced that by 90%. You 'll have to be more careful with alcohol on this medication.
My twin sister was prescribed epiduo over a year ago and it helped her acne so much, and although it 's not recommended, I too used her prescription when I broke out. -We 're twins, same face and same acne- and every time I used it for my random spurs of acne, it helped immediately. I even broke out bad on my chest and it wiped it out completely in a couple weeks. Now it 's a year later and I have really bad forehead acne, so I just bought some epiduo today. No doubt I have hope it will work. This stuff is amazing.
I was too proud at first to try a medicine, but I 'm so glad I did. It changed my life. My stress and anxiety stay managable and no major side effects except minor fatigue.
I had great experience over 5 years! No extreme side effects, no weight gain, no acne, just AWESOME! 
I have been on Orsythia for a year now and I have to say that I have never been happier with another birth control and I 've one other before starting Orsythia. I did NOT gain any weight, lose my sex drive, get acne, have mood swings, PMS symptoms or most importantly get pregnant on this birth control. I am so happy with my rx and I would highly recommend. I understand that everyone is different and experience drugs differently but you need to wait the 3-4 months before getting used to a daily drug in your body that changes your natural hormones. I love it and I see that it is very effective for me.
I was in a near fatal car accident when I was 18, I was on Morphine for 6 months. After 30 years it is catching up to me. I am in some pain now most of the time. With Oxycodone I am able to make it through the day, and work. Caution during use, if used for over 90 days, dependency could occur easily. Please be aware of this.
Had first shots in both knees 5 days ago.  Almost instant relief.  Not 100% but a very noticeable difference just leaving the drs. Office.  Also have a recent meniscus tear that the Dr. wanted to wait on and see if these shots helped.  Staying hydrated before the injections helped the shot pain.  A little cold spray and it was almost painless.  The only reason I didn 't give it a ten is because I don 't know the long term effects.
I was suffering from very bad constipation, after being on an opioid for pain relief. After taking bisacodyl I started having results within 30 minutes, and had satisfactory relief in about 3 hours.  It worked tremendously well!
Well I just started taking Prozac to help me deal with depression and anxiety.  I returned from from a tour in Iraq about three months ago and my symptoms kept getting worse and worse.  I 've been taking Prozac for about a week now and I 'm already feeling relief from it. It 's like all the problems are still there, they just dont get to me like they used to. It 's been very helpful so far.
Been on Parnate (tranylcypromine) for about 17 years. Like many others felt like a guinea pig when I was first diagnosed. Went through about a dozen different psychiatrists. They all just tried different meds trying to find one that would work. I or anyone else could have done that. One convinced me to have ECT which I did against my better judgement. It was a nightmare of torture! After the first two I lost all sense of time as well as my memory. I had 14 ECT treatments and was nothing more than a zombie! To get it to stop I said I wasn 't depressed any more. Finally found a Dr. that used Parnate.
I 've been on Latuda for nine weeks now. My first week was 20mg, second week 40 mg, third week 60mg, fourth week 80 mg, fifth week 90 mg, and sixth week 120 mg.  I feel more upbeat. I don 't worry like in the past about my job. I used to think people were saying things behind my back.  I lost a few pounds. I am more focused, kind of like being on adderral.  My dosage is at the sweetspot.  I find I have to take it late before I go to sleep otherwise I will want to go to sleep. I use this in combination with Wellbutrin 300mg XL in the morning with one 450 mg of lithium and two 450 mg of lithium at night with the 120 mg of latuda.  The prescription is expensive if you don 't have insurance it is 1000 a month, otherwise with insurance its 75 mo.
Go to medication for nausea Makes you a tiny bit groggy but that side effect goes away.Its been around forever and I mainly use it with Excedrin when I have a migraine to subside the nausea.Only thing that comes near it is zofran and this is over $100 cheaper.
I 've been on Victoza now for just over 2 years. From reading the reviews, I 'm one of the lucky ones side-effect wise. In other words, no nausea, increased headaches etc.. I started at .6 and after a month moved up to 1.2 where I have been since that time. I reduced my adjunct Metformin from 1500mg daily to 1000 mg daily. Weight loss has been a nice side effect, especially since it impinges on the illness in the first place. The only issue I have now is that my blood sugar can go low quite easily so will be cutting back the dose to .6 for a test run of a month. Unhealthy high levels of blood sugar are a thing of the past. Hopefully that stays the same at .6.
I have SEVERELY oily skin! I mean I have to blot my face several times a day to literally keep from looking like I rubbed baby oil on my face! I used the medicine as a teen and it worked wonders! Now I 'm 25 and my dermatologist says I still have the skin of a 16 yr old (the oil producing cells in your body are supposed to stop working as well as you age, which is the cause of wrinkles, but mine shows ZERO sign of slowing down) anyway, dermatologist put me on Tazorac which is supposed to fix that, worked ok for a few weeks but still super oily! I asked him for this medicine because I remembered it working so well for me! I 've only been on it a week and WOW I can already see a difference! And for someone with as much oil as me, I appreciate the drying affect of this.
I 've only been on it for a month, but have tried other birth controls before (Loestrin 24, Microgestin Fe, and Fecom Fe). I was off for about a year since those made me get incredibly nauseous all the time.  Over this month on the patch though, I really haven 't noticed any nausea or other negative side effects.  Sex drive has decreased, and breast tenderness has occurred over weeks 2 and 3, but nothing too bad.  It 's completely different than other birth controls I have been on, and it 's been great!  I 'm thrilled to see people have been on for 4-5 years and still been happy with it.  I 'm definitely continuing on it and hopefully I 've found one to keep forever!
I seem to have lost my tasting abilities for foods.
When I was pregnantin 1997 I was told I had hep c. How I got it I am unsure. But I never worried much on having it. Until told after my second child in 2004 that I could pass it to my kids during pregnancy. Scared I ordered test on my two girls ( they are uninfected) and started using the treatment that was avalible at that time. I took six pills a day and shots once a week that made me feel awful. I didn 't eat very good for six weeks due treatment. Was hospitalized for being under weight and severe malnourishment. When released I started a new job and lost my insurance. Was told once I quit treatment I wouldn 't be able to Start again. Now DEC. 2016  I am on last month of harvoni and it worked. No side effects during treatment.
I have suffered from narcolepsy, chronic fatigue syndrome and ADHD all my life. The ONLY thing that has allowed me to feel  'normal&quot; enough to participate in my own life again is Vyvanse. Unfortunately, I have recently moved from AZ to CA and due to different laws, I have been unable to fill or receive a new prescription in CA (even with all of my doctors records and recommendations) and I have been severely depressed due to all the old symptoms returning. BUT VYVANSE SAVED MY LIFE AND I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT.
Lexapro works! I didn 't have any side effects except for small headaches for the first couple of weeks that would show up for 10 seconds, then be gone. I did notice for the first week that I would have carb cravings and I didn 't get full as quickly, but I watched what I ate and tried not to give in to any crazy cravings. I have not gained any additional weight. The first day I took the lexapro, it kicked in around 5-6pm and I just got insanely giggly and happy. All of a sudden, it was like a breeze blew past my mind and the little gremlin in my mind that constantly said &quot;I hate everything&quot; was gone. I do notice short term memory is easily forgotten; out of sight, out of mind. I 'm sure that 's due to relief from anxiety. I am finally happy!
I have been taking Belviq for 10 days now and have lost 8 lbs. sSo far the only side effect I have noticed is every morning about two hours after the 1st dose, I have to have a bowel movement. Nothing serious just seems like a regular thing. The first five days I noticed no decrease in appetite, then little at a time appetite decreased.
I didn 't think I would ever quit smoking until Chantix come along. I was skeptical at first and about to give up trying. I stuck to the regimen and finally quit after 9 weeks. I cannot believe I ever wanted to smoke before. I feel so great getting up each day knowing I am no longer a smoker. Thanks Chantix.
Had experienced ED for awhile due to antidepressants and other anxiety meds, so needed a little extra boost to get my confidence back. Got a free trial of Cialis and it was great! Started out taking 5mg daily. Within about 6 hours of taking the first dose, I suddenly got turned on and wow it really kicked in! Gave me rock hard erections. I felt a bit flushed that first day or two. Then the moment arose and I had sex on it, and wow. I was like an 18 yo again. I didn 't have to worry about things not working, I could just focus on enjoying, which was great! It was great because I got rock hard anytime I was turned on. I did notice I felt very flushed and also had bad lower back and leg pain the first week or so. But that went away. I loved it!
Amazing relief for shoulder inflammation. No noticeable side effects.
Have been on several medications over the years. This being one of them. Was taken off about 9 years ago.  Went to many others over next 6 years. Was put on lialda 2 years ago with worsening symptoms. More pain and distended belly. Went to emergency room for 4 the time in three months. Asked my doctor about putting me back on this. I shouldn 't be having this many issues. Its been 2 days on salfasazine cypro, flagyl and zofran. Stomach is half its size. Way less pain and eating chicken and stars soup. Yeah.
Hi, I 'm 28 and had a hysterectomy in August of 2015. I was put on Effexor 75mg in September and my hot flashes went away after taking the first dose.. I have gone some days and missed a dose here and there and have felt the withdraw side effects from doing so. Nausea, headaches, flu like symptoms... Recently I have been getting hot flashes more frequently so I 'm thinking of upping my does age to 150mg. Any advice????
Fractured and wedged connecting vertebrae put on the 5 's for many years. Now with another injury to the back moved to the 7s the first time taking the 5S made me drowsy for a couple of weeks but nothing since does its job.
I keep Ativan in a small container in my pocket at all times!  When I feel a generalized tonic clonic (grand mal) seizure coming on, I put one in my mouth, chew it up, swallow it, and prevents or stops the seizure immediately.  I am no longer afraid of status epilepticus because Ativan protects me.  I 'm thankful they exist.
Depo is GREAT! I recommend it to everyone that I know. I have been on Depo for about 2/3 years now, and frankly, I don 't fault Depo for the &quot;side effects&quot; I have experienced. Yes, I have gained some weight. But I also eat a lot of carbs and don 't exercise nearly as much as I used to. So you can 't blame Depo for that. Also, my doctor made it quite clear to me that Depo could affect my bone density, so I take a chewable calcium supplement every day, and so far my bones are in great shape. And let 's talk about the number one life changer- no period! I used to have awful cramps and heavy bleeding, but now I literally have no period whatsoever. Occasional spotting, but that 's really rare and only lasts for a day. do yourself a favor and try Depo
Insertion: December 17th, 2012. Kids: None. Age: 26Previous BC: YAZ, Ortho-TriCyclen. I had/have a few ovarian cysts and medium flow periods for 4-5 days before Mirena. Insertion hurt like a serious mother(WOW), but it was 2 minutes of my life. I bled very lightly for about 2-3 weeks after and since then have not had my period. You have no idea how AWESOME THAT IS. Insurance covered most of my Mirena. I had to pay the pre-insertion appointment and doctor 's fees, etc. Only side effects for me include acne (which some might be attributed to me starting to work out a lot).Best decision I 've made in awhile.
I am 91 and have congestive heart failure. (I also fell and broke the femur articulation with my hip in late March). My doctor gave me this medicine, Coreg, and it took away the swelling in my feet, ankles, legs and knees.  I was having such pain in my knees and the drug along with other medicines I take, that it has gotten the fluid out of my system and my knees no longer ache.  This medicine has really improved my life.
Suffering a migraine right now without Midrin as it is no longer available.  
I 've been taking concerta for the past five months. When I first began taking it, I would get headaches and appetite problems, but those side effects dissapeared after about three weeks on it. Concerta has not only improved the amount of work I 'm able to accomplish, its improved my self esteem as well. I no longer feel as shy and cluttered as I did before I started taking concerta. I like that it lasts throughout the entire work day, so I don 't have to worry about redosing. Overall, concerta has been a very positive experience for me.
Estradiol oral 5mg is the best decision I could have made. It was with much consideration due to all the bad press for hormone replacement in the past decade. I work full time, have a home and a life, I had to find something, nothing &quot;natural or organic&quot; was working.I started suffering night sweats 5 years ago, daytime hot flashes began 3 years ago. I was not sleeping through the night, tossing off the covers then putting them back on. I was exhausted, moody, and snarky. Within a month of starting Estradiol, I was sleeping soundly, the hot flashes were manageable, and not nearly as frequent. I 'll use it for a year as prescribed and then take guidance from my doctor, but I truly am a new person.
I was hesitant to try Accutane because of it 's dangerous side effects. However, as a 17 year old I had been suffering from severe acne since I was 11 years old. Accutane is not a medicine that I would recommend taking if you don 't absolutely need to. Prior to starting it, I tried everything you could name- virtually anything they sold in chemists and countless topicals and oral medications, all with little to no effect. Looking back on it, I wish I would have started Accutane sooner. I cannot stress what amazing results I got after finishing my 7 months on the medicine. It did cause the expected dryness of lips, eyes, nose, etc. However, the results of the medicine completely outweigh it 's side effects.
Zoloft has been helpful as someone dealing with chronic pain and occasional anxiety. After trying a variety of different treatments and regimens, this seems to be the best long-term strategy to coping with anxiety. I realized a lot of things about myself after beginning Zoloft - the ability to process things before I react and the way that I handle stressful situations has changed for the better. I feel like a more balanced, calm person since starting about 7 months ago. It has helped with relationships too, as I am able to manage my stress and anxiety more around the people that I love. Felt a bit jittery and lost a few pounds while I first started, but the side effects were gone after 3 weeks. And for the record, I was completely opposed.
After my 10 year tried about every medication he started Daytrana it is absolutely the miracle medication. He is in honors classes and is able tolerate his day to day routine. We put it on him before he gets up in the morning. Without the medication or on oral doses he is very unmanageable and even aggressive at times. We use Ritalin tablets when he does not have school this helps with his weight but his behavior is out of control. He really can not go to school without his patches. We need the Daytrana!!!!!!!
Paregoric is the only medicine that will have any effect on my diarrhea caused by surgically induced Short Bowel Syndrome.  To stop being housebound, I have to have it.  Without it I can have no normal life.  
*18 yrs old* Getting the IUD inserted was EXTREMELY painful but worth it. The 1st month or so was nothing but pain but it was from spotting and cramps from getting used to something foreign in your body.  Day 4 was the most painful, but I LOVE my IUD! I don 't have scares and I don 't worry about taking a pill everyday &amp; I don 't worry about getting pregnant.  This is the best choice I 've made for my birth control. I 've lost weight, acne cleared up, &amp; most importantly I 'm not moody all the time ! :)My boyfriend says he can feel it rarely during intercourse but it doesn 't hurt nor bother him.  I 've been on this since November and I 'm extremely happy I made this choice. Take ibuprofen before and after &amp; rest with a heating pad.  Hope this review helps!
I was really sick and just having a hard time getting through the day. My doctor prescribed me Cedax which I have never heard of before and it is incredible. I was symptom free in just 3 days. I have taken Omnicef before and it is worthless compared to Cedax.
I 've had extremely bad anxiety, panic attacks, and mood swings. This medicine is wonderful. It 's not very strong but it takes the edge off. I 'd recommended to anyone with anxiety.
Most of my teenage life my skin was OK, not perfect but I knew I would grow out of it. About 8 - 12 months ago however, in my second year at University I began to get aggressive, rashy looking acne all of my cheeks and jaws - very unusual for me. When it started to mess with my self confidence I finally went to the doctor who prescibed me Doxcycline 100 mg, 1 tab every day for 3 months. After about 3 days on this pill I experienced about 10 days of the worst acne I have ever had. I persevered though and in the past 2 days (I am now halfway into my 3rd week) I have seen a MASSIVE difference.  'm only left with a few little red marks which will disappear over time. Do try this medication and don 't lose hope if your acne gets worse for a while!
I 've been taking Abilify 30 mg for about 4 years now. I also take 2 antidepressants Paxil 40mg and Wellbutrin 300mg daily. Abilify changed my life for the better. I had been on a roller-coaster of medicines taking Seroquel for a few years. When I tried Abilify I barely had side effects though for the first month I had excessive sweating. I have gained 70 pounds since I began taking medicines (8 years). Recently I was taken off Abilify to try Lithium. I became severely depressed and manic. I even went to the ER for suicide. The few times I 've been off my medicines I 've been hospitalized. So I say definitely YES to Abilify. 
I 've had extremely bad anxiety for 25 years and I have  been very very depressed on and off through my life.   I had tried many different prescriptions in  the past but gave up on every one of them because of side effects.  This medication has felt like it saved my life in many ways.  I went from feeling like I was in a very dark hopeless place that effected my work and social life too feeling like quality of life is so manageable and pleasant and bright. So much to be thankful for.
I have dealt with allergies for the past 5 years and they are getting worse. I 've tried everything under the sun, most over the counter, many prescription allergy medicines and sprays. Everything just helped slightly, until this. I cannot believe the immediate response. One spray in each nostril and I 'm good for 12 hours. No itchy nose, no sneezing, no runny nose. I purchased a large 30ml bottle. Since I don 't have to use every day, this can last easily 3-4 months.
When I turned 30 my acne became much more cystic and spread to my neck, chest, and back. My bacne was so bad it hurt to take a shower. Within 3 weeks of starting Claravis (30mg daily), I started to experience dry skin and lips. Over the months, I developed rashes on my hands and arms due to dry skin. I had several nose bleeds and dry eyes, but was able to remedy all the dryness with lip balm, saline solution, and various lotions/moisturizers. I also became thirsty all the time, but this began to subside going into my 4th month. The dryness was a very small price to pay for the AMAZING results. My face, neck, chest, and back are almost 100% CLEAR!!! I didn 't have any other side effects and my ONLY regret is not taking this medication sooner!
I had suffered with panic attacks since I was around 14 years old. There came a time when I had shock treatments because back in the 60 's not much was known about these kinds of illnesses.  Later on, I became completely housebound for 8 years.  I heard about Tofranil and decided to try it.  Within 3 weeks I was able to not only get out of my house but go about 3 blocks away.  It takes time, but if it had not been for Tofranil combined with Xanax I would still be home bound.  It works, no two ways about it. When nothing else did.  The only side effects were sleepiness until it gets into your system (2 weeks for me) and dry mouth. But for me that was nothing to getting my life back.
Ive been on Accutane for 2 months.I went through random breakouts and I turned to Birth Control to help control the hormones causing my acne. It helped but not as much as Accutane could, so I gave it a shot! I have scars from my acne so I always wear liquid and powder cover up. If anyone else is on Accutane and wears makeup, the dry skin is probably making your makeup look dry and cakey!
I just finished my first week of the starter pack, and I had absolutely no side affects. I take even my vitamins with food, and I think that 's the key. I am 51, and have worked out nearly every day since I was 24. The last 4 months I could not even walk around my yard and gained ten pounds. I finally went to the doctor and after a few weeks, I was told it was Fibromyalgia. I never heard of it before in my life. I thought I had bad arthritis. Since starting the Savella, I have been able to do about 15 minutes of a workout before my ankles and back pain start up, but I do notice an improvement. I am very optimistic that this medicine is going to work for me.  Reading all these posts has been very helpful to me as well.
I had toenail fungus bad for 10 years, on 9 toes. 5 of them looked hideous, like rams horns. I was terrified of this medicine for years, didn 't want to take it etc. Finally plucked up the courage to go to the Dr, she told me this medicine is misrepresented due to people mainly sharing negative reviews. I was on it for 4 months, gave up drinking, cut out caffeine, takes at least 6-8 weeks to notice anything, but after 3 months on it the fungus had stopped growing. Then I threw away all my old socks and use Clearzal on my toes daily to keep the microbes off. Now 9 months on the fungus has completely gone and my feet are soft - its amazing. A little fatigue and salty taste, other than that no side effects
I 'm so shocked that this medication has so many terrible reviews. I have IBS which switches from diarrhea to constipation and back, I also take pain meds occasionally for bad migraines and sometimes the combination leaves me extremely backed up. I have used both the pills AND the suppositories of this med (not at the same time) and both work great for me with very little side effects. I 'm also a nurse and we use it a lot at the hospital for constipation, it 's very effective!
I was diagnosed bipolar a year ago and started at 100 then 150 and now 200mg at night in conjunction with Cymbalta 30 mg. I have had no side effects and I really think this drug has saved my life.
I have been a big boned guy all my life 5&quot;9 227 pounds. High blood pressure, cholesterol and bad joint pain. Since my early teens I have been bigger then most boys my age in every grade. I am now 34 years old and have tried just about every diet known to man without and sustained success. Four months 36 pounds down and feeling great. Easy to use minimal side effects and maximum easy weight loss. My joints are feeling better and 35 pounds to go before I hit my goal. I don 't feel deprived and yes food still tastes very good but I just voluntarily eat smaller amounts. Real success real life.
I was diagnosed with Crohns disease. I have been taking this drug for about a month and feel like a new person. No flares. No diarrhea. No stomach pain. My doctor said this can be used a daily drug because of the reduction of use until it reaches the liver, and unlike other steriods, the side effects are minimal to none. I would recommend this to anyone suffering from mild to moderate Crohns.
Good stuff! No burning a little itching... Felt a lot better after 30 min!
I 'm writing this review because I 'm absolutely shocked by how quickly I began to feel like myself again. After as little as a week I had an easier time getting out of bed in the morning, I physically felt more energetic, and I had more emotional clarity. My husband is even more delighted in the results than I am. He says I 'm more like myself. Even with good insurance this medicine can be pricey. Very few side effects. I felt a little jittery the first couple of days and had trouble sleeping. Those went away when I adjusted the time I took the medicine. I 'm just thankful to feel some relief!
Have been smoking since 14 and now almost 50.  My family dislike the fact that I smoke - the health risks mainly but also the smell. Im only on day 10 of taking Champix but must say how impressed I am.  Had my last cigarette 5 days ago.  I have had a few odd dreams,  but nothing scarey at all,  just odd.Today was a hard day as its Sunday and im not my busiest however I got through it (almost bought a 10 pack) Did some breathing exercises which  helped and have started to suck ice cubes when I get a craving-which only lasts about 3 mins. So far so good.  Fingers and toes crossed I will succeed but after reading some of the comments on here it looks like I will.  Will keep you posted. Good luck everyone.
I was prescribed Topamax after experiencing 2 seizures from extreme stress, anxiety, and insomnia for an extended period of time. I have a history of anxiety/mood issues, and have tried several SSRI 's and other medications with no success over many years. I had given up hope until I tried topamax. Within the first few days I knew something was different. My anxiety was erased for the first time in 15 years. I was happy again, and was looking forward to spending time with people. This medication completely turned my life around. If you are stuck in a anxiety/depression hole with very little hope, please be patient. There is something out there for you. Topamax has side effects, but you get used to them within a month, its well worth it.
Highly recommend. I have a C5 pinched nerve which affects my left arm, fingers are numb, &amp; pain in spine. I was taking 700-1050 mg of Soma, 2-3xs daily &amp; Norco 10/325  2-3xs a day. NOT ANY MORE. I take 1 medicine 3 xs a day and feel great. Very rarely do I have to add Norco. This medicine has been a Godsend! Cannot live without it, no surgery for me.
I began taking Paxil  'by choice ' 15 years ago; when my panic and anxiety was out of control. I didn 't realize I had always suffered from depression until I took this medicine.The very fist day I took the 20 mgs. I felt a calmness like never before.The first couple of weeks or so I felt a little zoned out; perhaps more depressed seeming. Looking back I think my depression was left on its own. It took a couple of weeks to improve that but it did. I was on it for 2 years before weaning off due to weight gain and thinking I was better. I fell back into severe depression and panic. Went back on it, tried to wean again. Same response. A third time put me in the hospital. 7 years later I still have to take meds but nothing has helped since paxil.
After 15 years of cholesterol issues and statin intolerence, I met a great cardiologist after my heart attack and now have 3 stints. She got the insurance to cover the Repatha. I had blood work after 12 weeks. My total cholesterol is cut in half. Triglycerides from 85 to 74, LDL 154 to 55, HDL from 42 to 46. I 'm on my 2nd quarter of shots so we 'll see where it goes after another 12 weeks.
The best contraceptive pill i have been on. I fell pregnant immediately after stopping yaz. It controlled my pms symptoms migraines , acne weight the works. The only pill that has all the benefits. I tried others &amp; got bad reactions. This is the best of the best.
I started feeling better within a half of a day. This was good because I had been suffering for 6 days trying to get into the doctor. I feel much better now with no side effects. I had a terrible reaction in the past to Cipro so I was happy to try another medicine that worked better for me.
I am on my first month of Clavaris 40 mg. And I am really loving it. I really should have started this sooner. Because the results are amazing! Before using this drug my skin was horrible. I tried everything and nothing worked like this! Within 2 weeks almost all my breakouts were gone, now at my 4 week mark, I have just a few left on my chin area, but for the most part everything is clear and I used to have Rosacea too and that 's gone! I have nothing but good things to say about this drug. As far as side effects, I was really tired the first 2 weeks but now I feel more energized. And always have chapstick handy. You will experience dry lips for sure. Even my friends and family are noticing a difference. Give it a try!
I have taken many sedatives for years and this finally taken it 's toll on my sex life. Noticed it a few months ago, had the talk with my Dr. he gave 100mg of Viagra. Definitely does the trick, I get a little sweaty and can definitely feel my heart race but makes you feel like a man again! My wife will call ahead to make sure &quot;I 'm prepared&quot;, so I guess she 's enjoying this too.
I have been on Portia for about a year now, and it has been great and effective. I am not pregnant and it reduced my period days by about four days. I had very bad cramps before I started birth control, but Portia helped a lot. I would recommend this to anyone!
I find that with Adderall XR everything has improved. I am diagnosed with ADHD, OCD, Bipolar mixed cycling, and anxiety {GAD}. Before I would stay in bed for three weeks straight because I had no energy. With Adderall XR I am able to function. Recently I have lost my pill bottle (a real downside to being adhd - you loose things), and I am not looking forward to sitting through more classes without it. I think I 've finally found the right dose - 30 MG once a day in the morning seems to work for me. I just cannot have any type of eggs. I notice, however, that this makes me feel a million times better. I 've noticed a little weight loss but not much.
I have been taking 10mg since Nov.5 2009. I have gone from 203 - 177. I went off for two weeks this past month and I have not gained but have stayed the same. During my time off however I had times of high anxiety and irritability, especially, when starting the medication again. My blood pressure and pulse rate have been fine. I have had some constipation problems.I think my Dr. will raise my dose to 15mg at my next appointment.  My goal weight is 150. I feel so much better. It has helped with mild depression as well. Good Luck.
Started taking tramadol for chronic pain relief. It worked but I didn 't expect that after trying all for bipolar and depression it would work. Until now I 'm not feeling the depression so badly. Its great.
stuff sucks  for the 1st 4 months but after the 6th month I went from 50 pimples to 0, been off of it for a year and maybe one odd break out a month .. dry lips,dry eyes and stay out of the sun
I am 65 yrs old; and been dealing with learning disability all my life. However, only recently a clinical psychologist, who I went to for some testing, recommended Ritalin, Adderall which caused unpleasant side effects then Strattera 40 mg. Strattera has been the drug that works for me. I am definitely more focused and can stay focused on reading a book or newspaper article to completion without anxiety and frustration of having to read the same paragraph over and over again. I have always been treated with Paxil for anxiety attacks over the years but this drug seems to work better in that I am happy to feel more focused, interested and involved with everything I do and being with my kids seems to be more enjoyable for me. I EMBRACE these feelings.
I was on this about 2 years back. My acne was pretty bad. I would get it on my face, neck, back, and chest. This cleared EVERYTHING within 2 months. I ran out of prescriptions after about a year and around 5 months the acne came back even worse. I finally went back to the dermatologist a week ago and already it is showing a difference. It made my skin flawless before I 'm sure it will do it again!
After one bottle and an all day liquid diet all is clear; it works fast. Taste was not bad but I put one drop of peppermint essential oil in cold water which I mixed with the liquid and experienced no nausea or terrible taste issues. Went to work much faster than I expected about 15 minutes after drinking it I was going for the rest of the night.
I 've been taking this pill for almost a year now (I had never tried any other birth control prior) and I 've had no bad side effects. I 've never had a problem with weight gain, and I haven 't experienced any since I 've been on the pill. No unusual mood swings. My skin cleared up dramatically. No terrible cramps anymore and my period has pretty much disappeared! Really wish I would have found this sooner!
No such side effects. Take 4 per day, every day.
Astelin is the only prescription antihistamine nasal spray approved to treat symptoms caused by both seasonal allergens and environmental irritants.Astelin provides relief from bothersome nasal symptoms such as congestion, itchy/runny nose, sneezing and postnasal drip due to seasonal allergens or environmental irritants.Astelin is steroid-free and does not contain pseudoephedrine.
Well I got this product at Walmart and wanted to try it for yeast infection. I have tried so many products and even called the doctor to prescribe me something for this problem, that did not evenwork as much. So I dont like yogurt really and that is what the GYN doctor says to do but I triedand its not for me. So I been taking partial half in the morning half at night because my body is odd with medications. So far is it clearing little bit at a time and I see the difference. My teeth are bad and my gums were red but now they are pink. I am a diabetic so I worry about takingstuff over the counter. I have a few side effects but they subside but come back as I get used to the medicine, but it amazing I see it improving.
I absolutely freaked out TODAY when I went to get my IUD Because I read every. Single. Review on this website. Girls! Don 't freak ourself out! My pain rating  was in the negatives! And it completely stopped my very heavy period in 12 hours. I know everyone 's story is different but don 't rely on reviews when it comes to your body :)
My doctor prescribed this to help with my ulcerative colitis.  It has definitely helped and now I 'm gradually going off of it.  I too experienced a big acne breakout after starting on prednisone.  I felt like I was in high school again!!  However, I 'd rather have the breakouts then the side effects of ulcerative colitis.
I was on the depo for 2 years nd that made me feel as if I was Prego and my doctor told me about the vaginal ring and been on it ever since I love it although I forgot I already had one in and doubled up once and wondered why I did not get my period for that week.. It 's easy to insert and no pain
Worked great for me, I had a high level of anxiety and within 2 weeks of taking Buspar I felt great no more sadness or anxiety.
I had unprotected sex on August 10, also the last day of my period. He told me he pulled out but I wanted to just be on the safe side since I wasn 't very safe with just word of mouth. Took the pill about 3 hours after the incident, and had no side effects. The only side effects were headaches, occasional cramps, and VERY SORE BOOBS about 2 weeks after taking, also had no spotting which worried me Bc seemed like everybody had that. Since my period wasn 't due for another month, the waiting killed me. Last night I was cramping and woke up this morning to my period, 2 days early! Don 't stress, as I did every night and day and didn 't make the situation better. The pill WORKS.
Could not control my heart rate naturally after going into SVT of 200 bpm. Tried bearing down, breathing techniques, but nothing worked. Had my wofe drive me into the ER where they prepped me for an IV and then gave me Adenosine. First time ever I had taken it for my SVT in the 36 years I have had it. It dropped my heart rate instantly to 130 then down to 90. I was amazed and relieved. I still prefer controling it myself but it is good to know there is something out there that works to control it when all other ways fail. I had no burning experience like others did. I do have a cottony feeling head and extreme tiredness 2 days after but that seems to come with a 1-2 hour 200bpm episode.
No issues with this birth control.
Thanks to Chantix i have now been smoke free since June 2010. I only took a month supply but that is all it took. Now when I think, smell or see someone smoke the desire for it quickly goes away.
Ultram is the only medicine that stops the Fibromyalgia pain.
Cipro really cured my urinary tract infection, but around my eyes I had hives and face swelling. But the medication out weighed the side effects.  I will take Cipro again.
Had my first baby at 32 weeks and with my second baby I started the shots at 19 weeks with my Dr 's I am pleased to say I 'm 38 weeks with pregnancy and couldn 't be happier with how the shots went. They are painful but it was worth it to know in not going to deliver  baby in the Nicu or have to worry about how small she will be as I did with my first... I would love to tell any mother that has the option to use the shots to do so!!
Extremely helpful!
Unbelievable searing pain down the right side of my right leg always first thing in the morning after getting out of bed. I quickly take two Aleve with a glass of milk and wait for the pain to subside which usually takes about forty five minutes. I am then fine for the rest of the day. I also do yoga exercises later in the day which helps.
Has been a wonder drug for me! Have suffered from extreme constipation for years. Now have a regular bowel movement about 2 hrs after I take it. Took about 2 weeks to work so give it some time! Have never had the diarrhea side effect.
I took the max strength two times a day for 5 months when I was 17 and it was well worth it.  Around the 2 month mark my acne got worse but then around month 3 and 4 it was completely gone and has never returned, the only time I get a pimple now is when I have an ingrown hair.  My suggestions are to keep a tube of Vaseline with you for your lips, stay out of the sun, and make sure that you don 't give up early on the treatment because you think your acne is getting worse.
I 'd been taking eight or nine Norcos a day for almost a year when I started Suboxone two days ago. So, my habit wasn 't as bad as many here, but it was bad enough that I knew the agony of withdrawal very well. To my surprise, Suboxone has not only erased my withdrawal symptoms almost entirely (with the exception of minor headaches here and there), but it 's also helped with craving my old pills at all. But I think the best part has to be feeling my soul lighten again. I was depressed for months and months on those pills. They are, after all, a depressant. Since I started Suboxone yesterday morning I 've felt like myself again. A gray pall of sadness has been lifted. Two things: it tastes dreadful and causes fatigue. Otherwise great!
Finally after years of pain, inflammation and not being able to bend my knee...my Dr. Suggested Orthovisc. He explained to me what is was, what it 's for, what to expect and without a doubt I said yes! After being so miserable for so long I figured I had nothing to lose. After the first  injection I had relief, finally! It was tender for the first day, after that..it was fine. I completed the 3 week regimen and I 'm so glad I went for it! My knee feels great!!! I 'm going for the other one starting next week. Thank you Orthovisc and Thank you to my Dr. No pain, I can bed and walk pain free!
better than pain pills works the best and goes right to the pain
Suboxone/Subutex has saved my life.  After five years of opiate addiction, this medicine has set me free.  I feel contempt with life and normal, for once.  Buprenorphine is truly a miracle and life saver.  If you want to get clean, and you can find a doctor that truly wants to help you and understands addiction, there 's nothing standing in your way.  It is expensive without insurance, but it is worth it.  I take 16mg of the Suboxone films a day, and I have not had a craving since I started taking them.  If you want to get clean, this is the best way to begin that process.
Before skyla I 'd been on the depo shot for 9 months. I 'd had bouts with weight gain (20 lbs!) &amp; depression while on it, so I decided to switch to skyla. Had it inserted 11/20. Took a vicodin before the procedure (didn 't seem to help much). The procedure itself was fairly uncomfortable and painful. It wasn 't debilitating pain for me - just uncomfortable with two sharp cramps (maybe a 8/10 on the pain scale, but they only lasted 30 seconds or less combined). I got it inserted at 4pm and was having 7/10 cramps the rest of the night, took some tylenol PM and slept like a baby. Woke up the next morning without any pain at all! Been having 3/10 cramps last few days, but that 's it. Hardly any spotting.
I had this for my epilepsy it got rid of 3/4 of my complex partials.  Gave me real bad constipation for a few months.
Great relief. Other ones make me sleepy.
I 'm a 25 year old male who has suffered from anxiety in the past. When I was prescribed anti-anxiety medication it really affected the erections I was getting, even now that I 've stopped taking it it 's almost like I forgot how to get and maintain an erection. I would only ever really get half hard erections, even in the morning. I was pretty disheartened and afraid to try anything else with any another girls for fear of more embarrassment. I tried Cialis and WOW... All the performance anxiety was gone and as soon as I was stimulated I was able to achieve and maintain an erection until climax. I was able to switch positions with ease and even switch rooms without my erection going anywhere!
Been on it since 2013. Has been very effective especially against the awful fatigue and has decreased the pain dramatically.
I have been in pain for years. Surgery 17 years ago, I 'm only 39, that has left my back a degenerating mess. I found the right doctor who explained my back scans, remarking that I should be in extreme pain ALWAYS. Yeah, it 's gotten there. Robaxin to the rescue! So far it 's great. I think I need more frequent dosing. 1500mg per day prescribed. I 'm taking 2250 (3 pills). It makes me feel nausea, yet allows me to get to my new job and work without an embarrassing spasm. Mine are BAD, so this medicine is helping. 
I started at 72kgs., but after 6 DAYS of taking this pill, I lost 4kgs!!! I am so happy about the progress and I hope this will continue. I am planning take this for about 6 months so I can get back to my normal weight of 42kgs - that was my normal weight before I gave birth. Hopefully, this amazing weight loss would continue. I am trying to avoid oily foods and I have been eating more green leafy vegetables. I think it 's working well for me. I 'm not being bothered by oily stools anymore since I 've been eating less fat and more fiber. Never had any &quot;disturbance&quot; at work as long as I avoid fatty foods at work.
I used Intal for 25 years to control my asthma and it worked wonderfully.  I never had problems.  Since it has been discontinued, I am on Symbicort and Singulair and my health is unstable.  I seem to suffer from every side effect of Symbicort.  I wish someone would start making Intal again.
My husband takes this for inflammation of the Sciatic nerve, and has helped him a lot
I am 52 years old with no other medical problems. After having a Reclast treatment I have had very few side effects. I took 1200mg a day of Calcium Citrate and Vitamin D for about two weeks before my treatment and drank lots of water the day of the treatment before and after my treatment. I was able to go back to work the day after my treatment with no pain.
Works the best for me out of all other migraine medicines and I 've tried many!
This drug works well unless your uti has resistance to it. My side effects were headache and nausea. Drink lots of water and eat before you take it.
I 've been on this for a little over 2 years. I was very emotionally unstable before, and asked to be switched to one that doesn 't alter moods so they chose this one. My period comes the same time every month and no more cramps! I had terrible cramps the whole first day I started, no matter what I did. Now they 're nonexistent!  And I finally feel like myself again. I recently gained weight but not due to the birth control. It 's a great choice for me!!
It was a great relief that it worked for me after years of going to various GIs. I like it more than the newer drugs because it is not a systemic drug, so it is less harmful over time. Strongly encourage it before using the newer medications.
I have been taking Microgestin for 10 years and have experienced minimal side effects. The positives: My periods are much lighter, shorter, and I have less cramping. My skin cleared up dramatically, I would get cystic acne and this pill in combination with tretinoin from my dermatologist has drastically improved my skin. I have experienced no weight gain. The down side is my libido has decreased recently (only after being on the pill for many years); I 'll be switching pills temporarily to see if there is a difference. I did stop taking this pill for about 6 months and I immediately gained weight and my acne returned. If it works for you, it 's a great lo dose option!
My daughter had Leukemia and had a bone marrow transplant that did not take. During one of her last bouts of chemotherapy she developed a bad rash. She was given Fluticasone Propionate Cream for her skin. It helped clear up some the rash that was considered eczema or even graft versus host disease. I think that this not only helped clear up the rash, but felt good when I applied it. I would gently apply a thin layer and give her little massages to go with it. I liked this cream for her situation.
I used to have headaches for many years and I visited a lots of doctors and got no results. My last doctor gave me Nortriptyline(25) and Propranol(40) for every night. Since then my headache is about once in a month. I am very happy. The side effects are dry mouth and weight gain.
I have tried 3 other types of seizure medications, but they all seemed to have many more negative side effects.  Keppra XR has been a good medicine for me at this time and any noticeable side effects went away within a short time.
I have been very pleased with this product. My worst issues have been headaches and random spotting that happened off and on for the first few months but the headaches are never terrible and seem to have vanished now. I only get periods maybe every 3-4 months and when I do they 're very light and easily managed. I like the Nexplanon as it does not interfere with my day to day activities, the side effects are minimal, and I don 't even think about it unless I rub my hand against the placement site. I would get it again.
At 60 years old with needle like pains and over 30 years of generalized anxiety it took two weeks of a little fog. I started taking at night 30mg. I am the guy I use to be today. Not worried about getting off because I 'm not. I have tried it all and for depression caused by pain will fix this. Give it time. I put an X on each day and quit after a month. Smooth sailing.
It has changed my life. I have been more active and focused on my goals. I am taking 70 mg of it a day. None of the ordinary antidepressant has helped me to overcome my depression. I have had a problem with substance abuse . So my Dopamine level was so low since then.
Helps me a lot when the hayfever starts.
I have had leg pain for over 5 years now.  I have taken tramadol for the pain.  I never thought it was restless leg because I never felt like moving my legs, they just ached so bad in the morning when I woke up.  my doctor just added requip 2 days ago and it was amazing.  I slept past 5am and woke at 8am with NO LEG PAIN and didn 't need my 2 tramadol!! unbelievable! I am so excited to possibly cut my tramadol dose down because I was always so tired on tramadol! Im hoping this will work for awhile.  My starting dose of requip is .25mg.
DRUG is very effective but I also take 3 other medicines along with this. After evening meal I take 100mg - blood pressure before taking it is 192/112 and 30 minutes after is 152/91.
I WAS SCARED TO TAKE CIPRO. I REALLY FREAK OUT WHEN I HAVE TO TAKE MEDICATION. But I did with the support of friends and it works great for urinary tract infections with the first dose. I do have heartburn and gas but I 'm still taking it and I will add a Zantac and Gas X tomorrow. 
I started taking this medication in conjunction with Lamictal.  Although it is not recommended, my psychiatrist suggested for the first few days I cut the 50mg tablet in half.  I am glad I did.  After reading everyone 's reviews about the stomach upset and headaches, I decided it might be beneficial.  I took 25mg for about 6 days then upped to 50mg.  I had slight stomach upset and a few mild headaches.  I take it as soon as I wake no later than 8am.  I have seen a huge reduction in my appetite.  I was a binge eater of sweets before I started and at 5 '3 ' weighed in at 150lbs.  In three weeks I have lost 4lbs.  This is the most stable I have been since I can remember.
I 'm starting my diet on 1/19/15, so excited.. I 'll report back in 1month with my results.. Thank you for your reviews..
I have a feeling that the people commenting that it &quot;doesn 't work&quot; are the ones expecting Alli to be a &quot;miracle pill&quot; for weight loss. You CANNOT eat rubbish whilst taking these, it won 't work. It 's as simple as that. Yes, the pounds won 't literally slide off you, but they assist you alongside a healthy, low fat diet and exercise. I lost a steady 2lbs / 3lbs a week using these. Diet was full of fish, meat, fruit and veggies, and I snacked on healthy nuts and seeds (I also took a multivitamin supplement as recommended). I did HIIT workouts and jogged 3-4 times a week. They work if you put the effort in and they 're used properly.
Great treatment for addiction to opiates.
Though expensive (I can usually find a coupon), I love this birth control! I noticed no weight gain or breakouts...it actually cleared up my skin. Very short periods (4 days of inactive pills) usually last 2 days. Recommended for sure, if covered by insurance or have the money.
Was on Remicade for over a year, which cleared the ulcerative colitis within a few weeks. However within two weeks after the Remicade I started having arthritis systems that got so severe I was taking Vicodin every 4 hours and still unable to sleep, or just do usual chores around the house. My hands were so swollen, I couldn 't use them. Finally Dr. decided to try Humira every 2 weeks. I have gone back to doing most of my chores, walking the dogs and my hands are no longer swollen. I am starting to feel like a normal person again. Have only had three injections, which sting like the dictions for a few minutes but it is worth it not to be in pain all the time. I hope this continues.
I fell over a year ago and have had chronic back pain ever since. I have bulging discs in L3,4 and 5, degenerating discs, and spinal stenosis. I have tried Norco, which no longer works. I recently tried Nucynta (no pain relief and very tired side effects), so I am sticking with the Opana. Overall it does a pretty good job with pain. I just feel like my tolerance is building up over the 9 or so months I have been taking it. I take 20 ER first thing in the morning, and 10 mg IR one or two more times during the day. I still take Norco for breakthrough pain, but even that doesn 't seem to touch the pain anymore... I recommend Opana for pain relief and I can still work with a clear head!
I have been a lifetime dieter and now I have defeated that. I was 5&quot;4 197 pounda and smoked. I started on Belviq April this year and have stopped smoking and lost 38 pounds. My husband is happy and so is my doctor as I was his third patient all doing better then he thought. No side effects and no cravings. This has made my life better then I can even describe.
This has been the only medication that has worked to combat both my narcolepsy and cataplexy symptoms. Before taking this I was just on high doses of stimulants and even though they helped energy wise I still had massive brain fog and when my stimulants wore off my cataplexy got even worse. This stuff is a miracle and have no idea what I would do without it.
I 've used this for 10 years. I alternate between regular and extended release form. The extended release form seems to give me morning grogginess no matter how long I take it, but extended release has some benefits if you are not sleeping through the night. I was diagnosed with parainsomnia when I was 10 years old, and struggled with it for 20 years, after taking several different prescription medicines that didn 't work or side effects were so awful, I started taking this. It has changed my life because now I feel like I have a life. I wake up refreshed with energy to make it through the day. I take only 3mg a night and started taking 3mg during the day to help with my Fibromyalgia.
Norco are the best hydrocodone medicine with only 325 mg of acetaminophen. You can worry less about causing long term liver damage.
I just got the Skyla put in today and it honestly was not nearly as bad as I thought it was going to be. After reading all the reviews before hand I was really nervous but I did what my doctor instructed which was to take 800 mg of ibuprofen and eat an hour before my appointment and I was fine! Yes there is cramping but nothing unbearable at all. So far so good! I just thought that I would share my experience of the insertion on here so some girls won 't be as scared and worried like I was before going in! Everyone is different but this was my experience.
I was put on Effexor 37.5 for hot flashes.  I had uterine cancer and went into very fast menopause.  After trying to live with the hot flashes for about 6 months, I asked for help.  Effexor has been wonderful. I am now able to sleep through the night.  I really only have a hot flash when I forget to take my medicine.
THE PILL WORKS! My period ended on June 9th. Days after on the 17th, I had unprotected sex and was not sure if my boyfriend had came in me or not. Seven hours later I had bought the pill and drank it just in case.Stupidly, on the 20th, I had sex again. This time my boyfriend had a condom on. But it broke and he came inside of me completely. I was freaking out cause I 'm only 17, and can 't afford to be pregnant. But I bought the pill three hours later and drank it. Some side effects I was experiencing was backaches, headaches, nausea, vaginal discharge and brown spotting. Lucky to say I got my period today! At the expected time. Thank you plan B! Any side effects you experience ladies are all alike to pregnancy, just don 't stress!.
I started using Azor 10/40 after my blood pressure was consistently 190/120. I take 1 a day and get readings as low as 108/65, but usually stay at the 115/75 range. What an awesome product. All this after using 7 different drugs to get one to work.
Sure, does work.
Been on 10 and 15 mg. Sticking with 15 mg for now. It is working amazingly. I have been on literally everything over the counter and prescription meds so this was a hell marry and scored at the buzzer. I sleep all night and am out within an hour of taking it.  I 'm more alert and active then I have ever been and has helped with my depression.
I started Yaz about 3 months ago and like many of you, I have zero faith in it 's ability to help my acne. I 've had cystic acne for about 3 years and although it was never awful, I always had at least one or two unsightly blemishes. It took about 3 months to really work, and the first 3 weren 't awful but they weren 't great. If you have acne and are looking for relief, TRY YAZ! It 's honestly amazing. Seriously. I 've never posted anything before, I truly believe in this stuff.
Recently diagnosed with MS (December, 2015 - 3 months ago) The MS specialist at UTHSC San Antonio prescribed Ampyra.  I had extreme weakness in my right leg and some weakness in my right ankle, causing some problems walking and forcing me to cut way back on my biking and to go to traditional flat pedals as I could no longer work my foot well enough to use single entry clip in road bike pedals.Started Ampyra March 8, 2016 and within 48 hours I noticed a HUGE difference in leg function.  It 's now been two weeks and I 'm back to using clip in pedals (MTB dual entry alas) on my bike and up to 30 miles per ride @ 15 mph, up from 20 miles @ 10 mph.  That 's a true quantitative measurement of improved function.Don 't wait to try this stuff.
Wonderful! Was having constant nausea/vomiting after eating. Took this after I ate and I feel fine!
I had been using inhalers - steroid (Serevant) and fast acting ones for many years. I couldn 't climb stairs without needing a &quot;puff&quot;. I couldn 't play with the kids without having to stop often. After one serious attack I had to use an atomizer at the doctors office and I started Singulair from the next day. I have not used or carried an inhaler for almost 10 years now. It has changed my life. I can run with my kids, walk up stairs, shovel snow, etc. 
First week was hell, I was about to give up. I felt like I was sleeping on a cloud and found it hard to fall back asleep once I awoke. I soon realised if I did not drink any alcohol with the drug I slept to well. My mood is better and I 100% less anxious than before. I only take 25mg as I found 50mg too much. I have been on this now for 5 months and wish I had taken it years ago.Only side effect I do not enjoy is slight weight gain. 6lbs so far but it is worth it.
Using Chantix was the best decision I have made! It won 't make you quit smoking but if your ready it 's a great tool. I followed the directions as it said and on the seventh day I quit and havnt picked up another cigarette. I did gain a few pounds the first 2 weeks after quitting but after that I went back to my normal eating habits although I do chew a lot of gum. I only experienced weird dreams as side effects which went away after a few weeks, definitely not bothersome.  I definitely recommend Chantix if your ready!
1 month results, started Phentermine 37.5 (oblong blue speckled pills) on 3/3/17 at 225 even. Today 4/3/2017 I had my 1 month weigh in at 209 even. I lost 16 lbs!  This pill truly does feel like magic, it makes it very easy to stick to a healthy/clean diet because your cravings are literally gone. I went from thinking about food every minute of the day to hardly remembering to eat. I do make sure I eat at least 1000-1200 cal a day, sometimes closer to 1400. I am an avid runner but my schedule doesn 't always permit, so I make sure to try and walk at least 45 minutes a day....food is a lot of lean meat, fruit and vegetables. The only side effect that is inevitable is dry mouth. I will update next month!
I 've had polimyalgia rheumatica for almost two years.  I was misdiagnosed for a month with  'fibro 'myalgia, and prescribed medications, but nothing helped this excruciating pain. I did my own research on the Internet for my symptoms and what came up was polimyalgia. I gave my research results to my doctor, who tested and found I was positive for the malady. I started with 60 mg x 3 days, and the next morning, I was PAIN FREE. I continued on 60 mg for 2 more days, then 50, 40, 30, 20, and 10, each for a week or two.  At 5 mg, I felt pain again. So I was put on a maintenance dose (some people continue to have residual pain). So I 'm still happy and pain free. Prednisone is definitely one of the wonder drugs, following aspirin and penicillin.
Me and my boyfriend had a mishap and the condom slipped inside and he finished in me. This was thursday september 29. I took plan b in 45 minutes on the same day and the next day i felt cramps and extreme mood swings. I had my last period at sept 5 so i expected it to come anytime soon but i was over thinking and reading reviews from here makes me feel better. on monday i got cramps and tuesday night i had brown spotting, i was scared it might be implantation , but today october 05 i got my period! This pill works but i have never had period cramps this bad. Just have to deal with it, better than having unwanted pregnancy. Chill ladies, it works . :) lots of love!!
So me and my BF had sex but the condom failed he ended up finishing in me, I automatically started to freak out bc I 'm not ready for a child just yet. So we rushed to the closest pharmacy and found plan b. I took the pill 1 hour after the accident and I was desperately waiting for my period to arrive.  It came 1 day earlier than expected however it 's heavier than usual. But don 't worry have faith in the pill it works don 't doubt the pill
I have been on Prozac for about 12 years. I 'm a small person (about 5 ft tall, 115 pounds). I take 10 mg every other day. My Doctors say this dosage is a placebo, but I highly disagree. I use to suffer from mild, sometimes not so mild depression. Never have had it while I have been on Prozac. It just cuts off strong emotions. No rage, no crying, and sometimes no feelings! This is the only problem, I am basically numb on emotions. I only cry when things really hit me hard. It has to be hard! I must say, I love alcohol on Prozac, it only takes one drink to lighten me up. This drug has been a life saver!
So I took plan b one step a day after intercourse because I suspected I may have accidentally gotten pregnant by my boyfriend. When I took the pill I felt fine there was a little bloating but it was manageable. Fast forward two weeks and it 's time for my period to start so I was experiencing some pretty intense cramps even before I began bleeding, then my period started and the cramps were way worse than usual and I just had a continuous dull ache in my pelvic area that couldn 't be soothed. On top of that I keep having waves of nausea and feeling sick. But despite all of that I 'm not pregnant and although I experienced troubles here and there it could be a lot worse being pregnant so I 'm thankful for the pill and it does work!
Have been on Lupron for about 2 years and my stage 4 prostate cancer is now in remission. My prostate cancer specialist gets all the credit and kept side effects to a minimum with the help of other meds and supplements. I recommend Lupron.
This is an amazing drug for nausea, this gives me no side effects and takes the feeling of nausea away amazingly.
Jan 29th, 2014 I was diagnosed with HIV (CD4 was 475, VL 250,000) Didn 't get on Stribild til May 2nd.. Taking it for 1.5 months, I reached  (CD4-726 VL Und.) I Have Medicaid without a supplement plan. They pay everything. I pay $3.00 co-pay.
I have had great results for several years with generic pantoprazole, except twice when the pharmacy used the version from Sun Pharma. Not sure the marked difference (although there was a patent lawsuit against Sun for not disclosing a slight difference in chemical structure several years ago), but taking the Sun version is pretty much like taking nothing at all. I took a week 's worth this time (there is a shortage of the Teva drug I usually get) and spent last night sick to my stomach with gnawing pain and bizarre single hiccups and belches. And while the pharmacy apparently had gotten some of the Teva brand in, I had to pay the full $40 because I couldn 't get another batch covered by insurance for 2 weeks. Not all generics are equal.
Lacrisert has saved my sanity!!! I can 't live without this for my dry eyes. It 's the first product that makes my eyes feel normal. I would rank it a 10, but I am discounting it by one due to the fact that they start to get gooey after having them in 10-12 hours (depending on humidity) &amp; they don 't last as long as my day does.
I can take 0.5 mg twice a day as needed. Some days I don 't take it. It helps so much even with my depression. I take one of these if I 'm planning on killing myself because I 'm suicidal every day,  &amp; the urge wil pass once this calms me down.  I take it for anxiety, panic attacks,  &amp; twitches/seizures.
Severe neck pain was causing migraines, took several narcotics with no relief. Dr. switched me to Lyrica, pain was gone in three days after two years of terrible pain. Lyrica improved my quality of life to say the least.
I have been taking BeYaz for a year now to prevent pregnancy. Because I have been taking it consistently at a scheduled time it has worked wonders! I would recommend this pill to anyone that is sexually active. Only side effects I have noticed are blood clots and emotional sensitivity. 10/10 highly recommend.
Nupricainal is #1 in our first aid kit and has been for the last 50 years! It provides instant relief from cuts, scrapes, bruises and numbs the pain.  Upon discovery, we personally named it &quot;MAGIC MEDICINE&quot; and it remains close at hand for emergencies at home, in the car or on a trip.  Smashed my finger in the car door and while driving to emergency for stitches, obtained PROMPT RELIEF FROM EXCRUCIATING PAIN!  (Same 20% benzocaine/active &quot;numbing&quot; ingredient prescribed by my doctor for an epesiotome after having a baby.  Kids fall and scrape their knees or get a bee sting and this stops the pain and tears! LOVE THIS numbing ointment! Get the word out! AWESOME PRODUCT!  Any pharmacy will also special order it.
When I first started taking birth control, I was started on Aviane and I really loved it.  I lost weight and I went from an A cup bra to a C cup bra in just 2 months. After a year or 2 I go switched to Lessina and I didn 't like it! Got horrible headaches, gained weight, and cramps were horrible. After 2 years of Lessina I begged to be switched back to Aviane, and now only after 2 months of taking it I have lost 11 lbs and the cramps and headaches are gone. I do get tender breast while on my period but I rather have tender breast and moodiness and cramps! Oh and my sex drive is up the roof!
Used it for 12 years and it was a life saver great medicine.
My OBG-YN inserted it for me.  She is very experienced and I had felt little discomfort. It felt like having a long PAP test :)  I spotted during my cycle but amazingly my periods stopped altogether. I 'm having it removed as it 'almost  due (5 years).I gained about 30 lbs. in the last 4 years.Most of my friends who have this IUD put in had the same weight gain experience.Now, is it worth it? Heck YES! No periods &amp; no mood swings for 5 yrs in exchange to weight gain?  I will not continue to have a new one inserted after this though... I want to lose weight first.My advise is, be active as I wasn 't so it could 've been that and gained the 30 so I don 't totally blame it on Minera. Secondly, get an experienced OBG-YN insert it for you.
I am a72 year old woman previously very active hiking daily, yoga daily. I fell and tore minuscus in three places...4 doctors have told me to do knee replacements...however I have chosen to do Orthovisc 4 shots every 6 months....as long as I do strengthening exercise I am 90% pain free..however cannot hike hills or mountains and yoga is limited...but can swim and bicycle..Since I know so many with complications from knee surgeries....I will continue on this route. Mind you I lead a very full life and on my feet at least 9 hours a day....
For those in Canada suffering from chronic pain, the long-acting version, Hydromorph Contin, is wonderful when combined with the Dilaudid for breakthrough pain. I take 9mg (6mg   3mg pills) twice a day, plus the 4mg of dilaudid for the breakthrough pain. Only bad thing I can say about it is that my tolerance level for this, and other medications, is very high. And I 'm only 27 years old.
I have been on Klonopin for over a decade with success from my previous anxiety, frustration &amp; anger feelings. I rate this medication a nine because alone it 's not 100% (it 's used in adjuct with counseling &amp; Sertraline). I take 2mg &quot;in the morning&quot; and the only side effect for me, is feeling like me again; relaxed, confident, alert and in control. The dosage is too much for most but for me (with a high tolerance) it keeps me in control. It 's long lasting properties allow that I take it with breakfast, &amp; coast all day/ night on it. I never notice an effect from it, until I don 't take it: Then the anxiety, indecision with tiredness re-appears. So I 'm on it for life, and that 's okay.
I have been suffering with vertigo for the past three months, spinning every night and still dizzy and nausea during the day. This was causing major stress for me, the doctor put me on antibiotics and steroid and still nothing makes better. Went to another doc and was given meclizine and got my first night sleep with no spinning when turning over and not getting up feeling sick. This was a great feeling but I cannot take during the day or I would fall asleep at my desk. But I will take sleepy over my world spinning any day!
This medicine works very well for me. I take 7.5mg. of this. I am prescribed 1 or 2 at bedtime.  Before, I was taking 5mg. of regular Ambien. I would fall asleep rather quickly, but I always wake up around 2 or 3 am for the bathroom. Then, I could never go back to sleep. When I went back to my doctor, she changed it to the extended release. Now when I get up during the night, I 'm able to get back to sleep. I always allow myself enough time to sleep off the medication, even if it means taking it and going to bed early. I allow myself 10 hours. I feel rested when I get up and have coffee. The only side effect I 've experienced is I sometimes wake myself up talking.** I would not take this med. with nerve pills or drink alcohol.
Yes, the cost of this was a bit jaw-dropping, but this medication is really good. After two days of shear misery, one dose was all it took to get things under control. Saw my doctor at 5pm, picked up my prescription by 6pm and felt 80% better by 8pm.  Thank you.
Propanolol is a great anxiety treatment! Unlike Alprazolam, which treats anxiety by creating a mildly stupefying delirium, Propanolol provides an underlying steadiness and effectively prevents the physiological symptoms of anxiety, including racing heart, shakiness, quavering voice, flushing cheeks, somersaulting insides, etc. There are few side affects with Propanolol other than improved blood pressure, win win.
Been using this for about 7-8 years now.  Unlike the sugar laced alcohol that is in most cough syrup, this stuff is the best.  Takes about 45 min before it starts working, but after that, no more cough. In regards to diarrhea, no one in my family has had the experience described by some (or the same person posting over and over)
Had a heart attack four years ago &amp; for the first three years afterward, Plavix was my prescribed medication as a blood thinner.  I kept complaining to my physician that I was experiencing something weird; what I called a &quot;roving arthritis&quot;.  I was usually waking in the mornings with one or both hands so swollen in the joints that I couldn 't hold a coffee cup. Or, I 'd get out of bed &amp; could only limp around due to swollen, painful ankles. I was miserable, so I finally did my own research online &amp; found Brilinta.  About one month after switching to Brilinta, my joint pain has totally stopped!  On Brilinta for almost a year; a very positive experience.  Only 1  negative: my insurance doesn 't cover near as much as Plavix. Very spendy.
Let me just start off by saying that I was in the same situation as all of you. I am not going to say not to stress because thats honestly impossible. Yes, reading these reviews gave me some sort of peace of hope, but then I 'll stumble on the reviews where it didn 't work and I knew that I was going to be part of that 5%. I had unprotected sex with my ex and he came inside me. Figuring this out, I rushed home and bought the pill and took it about 1 1/2 after the deed. I believe I was in my ovulating week but I wasn 't fertile. My period was supposed to come a week and 10 days after and let me tell you that it was the longest 10 days of my life but it came on the same day. I hope it works for all of you.  Best of luck
I got on the shot on October 7th 2014, I thought it would end my periods but I ended up bleeding everyday for six months straight. My third shot that I had got on April 8th 2015 ended the bleeding for about a month and a half and now I 'm bleeding again and this time I 'm having cramps as if I 'm on my period. My next shot is on July 8th and I will not be going through with it. The depo shot just ruins your body, I hate it
I went on this birth control a few months before I got married and have been on it for two years. I just finished my last pack, as we want to start a family soon. I had hormonal issues that lead to irregular periods and this birth control helped level them out. I have not had any emotional swings or weight gain. It was a great, low-dose birth control and successfully prevented us from having kids for two years. The only negative side effect I had was that it did slow down my libido. I could tell a definite difference in my interest in sex on and off this pill. This wasn 't extreme - it just took more work to get me in the mood. I 'm very pleased with this product and will probably return if the need arises for me to use birth control again.
I am in my early 20 's and I had a yeast infection before. I wanted to give the 1Day Monistat a try. I checked online first before I bought it and was very nervous after the horrible comments. I 've seen a few comments that were very positive so I gave it a try. I decided to buy it in the morning before I went to work. I did read the fine print that says &quot;put applicator in before bed&quot; but I just went to work and stuck the thing in (9am). IF YOU CANT TAKE THE INTENSE BURNING or ITCHING take it at night. You will experience intensive burning and itching for a1hr. I did experience a little burning and itching but it wasnt too bad. Later that night around 9/10pm I didn 't feel anything. The next day I was completely heeled thank god!!!
I was on spironolactone 3 months before I saw results...but once I did they were amazing! I had a lot of pimples around my chin area mostly. Since I 've been on the medicine I 've had the occasional zit, but it usually resolves faster and isn 't huge like previous ones I would I get. I haven 't noticed any improvement in the greasiness of my skin, but as long as the acne is gone I 'm happy! I have found I can have reliably clear skin and feel so much better about myself overall. It 's easier and faster to do my makeup and people are always commenting on how perfect my skin is now! I am definitely happy with this medicine.
Lexapro has worked well for me. My anxiety and depression are about gone.  The first 2 months were pretty bad and I almost quit many times but am glad I didn 't. Side effects included night sweats, tinitus, headaches, insomnia, sexual issues, dizzzyness......  Most of this has resolved now after 3 months. Adding a b complex with folate and omega 3 seems to have helped me. This is a very good drug for anxiety and depression but you 'll need to be very patient, and struggle thru the initial side effects
At first it kept me awake, but that went away in like a week or two. By the 3rd month I can say this is the best stuff I 've been in and can laugh again and not hate the world. I have severe depression, anxiety with PTSD.
I was on Prozac for 10 years. It was a wonder drug for me. I had breast cancer last year and the Prozac stopped working for me because of the chemical changes in my body. I have tried Lexapro, Zoloft and now I 'm on Celexa. The side effects on the Celexa are horrible. I just want to find an antidepressant that works like Prozac. I stopped taking Prozac in April 2010 cold turkey and had no withdrawals.
This medicine is a blessing for me. I have gastric paresis and I also have Crohn 's disease so I have had nausea. I have taken Reglan for a long time on and off and it is wonderful. I personally feel it gave me back my quality of life. If I feel sick or before I eat I take it and I do not get sick. I have had NO side effects. I just feel so much better. I feel normal again and I know other people who take this medicine and they feel better also. I usually take 3 - 5mg a day.. it depends .. sometimes I just take 1- 10mg a day.
I 've been on this medication since 3/28/13. In June, my A1C was down to 6.4. My next appointment is the end of September. 6-8 weeks into using Bydureon I started experiencing nausea approximately 24-48hrs after injection which lasted for 24-72hrs.  In June, my Dr suggested I stop the Bydureon because he didn 't like that I was feeling sick for half of my week. I had 1 month of med left, so I agreed to stick with it one more month, Nausea went away, but I still had no appetite. Now I 'm experiencing stomach pain with movement 24hrs after injection. I see the Dr. end of September.
Best anti-anxiety medicine.
I have to go into the hospital every two months because I start throwing up and go into a coma state if I do not get IV in me .They gave me Zofran the last time and I was up and good as new in 5 minutes. I will keep this on hand at home for future episodes !
Very good
I was prescribed this by my doctor as a result of being bi-polar and being up for days on end. Ambien is definitely a tremendous sleep inducer. After a few minutes you wouldn 't know if you were dead or alive. I was probably on 5 mg for about a year. When I was on a bi-polar &quot;high&quot; I could three pills and only sleep a couple of hours. I often felt groggy or drugged the next day using this product. I quit taking this product as a result of weird and unexplained behavior.  One time I woke up with no clothes on and couldn 't find them. I never slept naked bcuz I was single and had a 17 year old. Scary stuff. u don 't know what ur doing on this stuff.
After 24 years as an insulin dependant diabetic my specialist put me on Invokana and it has CHANGED MY LIFE! My insulin intake (Humalog and Lantis) is less than 50%, My A1C is much better and in 7 months I have lost 30 pounds. My sugar cravings are completely gone, I feel fantastic and I just love this medication! It does not make you feel strange at all and it really WORKS! I have recommended this medication to other friends and they also love it!  I am actually shocked to see others commenting negatively on this.
It is a miracle drug! After about 2 months my stools were becoming well formed but not back to the usual stool! I only go once a day and it really is amazing! Although the risks seem huge I just look at it as though without imuran I could be a lot worse!
I had been an alcoholic for over 12 years. I tried AA, counseling, therapy, quitting by myself. Thank God, my doctor decided to try me with Campral after going to the hospital several times and detox.  Since Campral, I have not had a drop of alcohol for almost a year.  May 24, 2009 will be my anniversary. I haven 't had a craving, and haven 't had an interest to have a drink. My question is why don 't we hear about this wonderful drug. I had almost given up until I started taking Campral.
I have had an infection of the toenails for probably 15 years and I 'm only 25. I always wanted to wear sandals but my toenails was half missing due to me cutting them down because they use to itch soooo bad. I went to the doctor for my leg which I pulled the muscle connected to my foot and I had socks on but he pulled them off, I was so ashamed. He gave me the prescription for terbinafine and the first week or so,my inner arm was itching for like a week. Then when I got my dose for the 2nd month my skin on the top of my feet start peeling but on the upside of that my feet are very soft now :)......I haven 't finish all my medicine yet but my results so far is amazing I can 't wait till I 'm wearing sandals.
I 've been using Tri Sprintec for almost a year. I 'm not sexually active, but was prescribed it for month-long PMS, spotting and irregular periods. By irregular I mean 27 days one month, 30 days the next month, 25 the next, and so on. I have 28 days all the time now, occasionally 27. PMS is much better, skin cleared, and I 'm much more emotionally stable! I do notice PMS in the last week, but that 's to be expected as there 's no hormones that week. The other thing I have noticed is that it does dry out my skin, eyes, scalp and vaginal  area. I believe that 's due to the same stuff that keeps your skin clear. I did notice a bit of nausea in the beginning, but that should go away. It helps to take it at night. All in all, great pill!
Southern big boy 5 '9 247 and felt like a slug. I used to be a weight lifter but at 48 years old those days are gone. I had gone to my opthamologist and he sent me back to my regular doc. The doc told me I was in the diabetic range and needed to to go on metformin. He had some patients take Belviq for weight loss and suggested we try that first to see if losing the weight might help my sugar as well as other issues. One year later we my wife and I are happy to report 45 pounds gone as well as my bad blood sugar. The story is not all perfect as there were times when I thought my weight loss had stopped but my doc said your body resets and you should continue to lose weight. I am finally able to walk without knee pain and feel like my story ea
I had my Nexplanon placed in my left arm on November 1, 2012. I was not sexually active until I was married, but I have been a testing bunny for several birth controls since the age of 14 due to extremely painful and long-lasting menstrual cycles for which I have been hospitalized several times. My body rejected all of them. When I was married and became sexually active, my husband and I both worried about getting pregnant too soon and this option was not estrogen-based and long-lasting. I bled sporadically for 3 months and then have had random spotting for short periods every 3 months or so. I have had few side effects, I don 't have dangerous periods anymore, and I have a lot fewer migraines. I will replace mine at the end of year 3.
I was drunk or hungover for over 30 years, and had every bad experience, including putting my pistol in my mouth a couple times. The intense physical craving, cramps, shaking, anxiety left me in the freshness of the brave new world. After 30 years of feeling completely sick, it 's hard to say if this medicine has any side effects at all. It 's been a life saver for me.
I have suffered depression off and on for over 20 years. I take Cymbalta for chronic pain and still have fallen in a deep depression. My doctor added Pristiq and after day 1 I 'm feeling much better!
i have been on angelic 1/2 now for 14 months...within 3 weeks of using this medication...I literally got my life back....I had all the symptoms...hot flushes all night long and around ten throughout the day....no sleep...you know all the crappy symptoms...had. A hysterectomy  6 years ago was only  44 yrs old...then my life changed for the worst...I put up with all the horrible symptoms ...thinking well this is life now....out of desperation went to my doctors and told him I wanted my life back and  he said to try these should &amp;They should give me me my life back  ...and he was right ....I feel normal for the first time in 5 years....and I even lost 5 kilos ....so definitely no weight gain for me on these pills....I know they work for me
I have been taking Cymbalta for over 3 years.  When I started taking it I was working and it was making me sleepy, so doctor said to take it at night;  problem solved.  During the years I have had 3 surgeries and I have to stop taking it and I had no side effect or withdrawal symptoms.  It helps with my fibromyalgia, mild depression, and pain.  My insurance co-pay is $35, but during the donut-hole is is very expensive.
I started on phentermine 37.5 on December 20,2015 and I weight in at 178.2 and as of today  February 13,2016 I weight 164.2. A dry mouth is the only side effect that I have and that 's with no exercising and eating  a bowl of cereal in the morning and nothing else that day just drinking water I don 't have any appetite because I 'm full of water I love this pill.
Started Saxenda on Feb 1, 2016.  Minimal side effects, no issues with constipation.  Only able to tolerate small portions and must eat every 3-4 hours during the day, if I don 't eat I get nauseous. Worst time for me use to be around dinner time when I could not stop snacking, now those cravings are gone YAH!  10 lbs lost in 4 weeks, just what I wanted slow and steady.  Insurance does cover, so will be continuing until goal weight of 150.
My daughter was diagnosed with a mental illness around 12 years ago. We try almost every single medication out on the market. Nothing work.  I had lost hope. Then our MD talked to me about  &quot;invega&quot;. It was God sent. the best medication ever. My daughter is able to have a life again. she goes out without being paranoid.  It is worth every penny. some side effect but she is able to think clearly. If you are thinking about it.  give it a try.
I started taking Cymbalta for my fibromyalgia and after a while it was like I never had a problem. I also found that my mood swings were less and less. No more suicidal thoughts and I can actually sleep now. It 's a great medicine for both problems.
I 'm 20 years old this is my first experience using birth control. I was prescribed Sprintec to help lighten my HEAVY periods and relieve me of the excruciating pain from cramps that came with it. I 'm at the end of my first month and it 's worked miracles for me! My period is normal to light and my cramps are finally bearable. I did notice a change in my appetite, which caused me to lose some weight. I 'm not as hungry anymore so I have to make myself eat. Within the second day of taking Sprintec my breast became super tender and that lasted about 3 weeks. They 've also gotten bigger, which I can 't complain about! Overall I love Sprintec, its cheap and works wonders for me.
Tysabri has been a life send for me. I have been on it since 2009 and its now 2015. Was dignosed in 2004. We can count back now to where my symptoms were started when I was in 1st grade, so it has taken me a long time to get it under control, been thru lots if not all of the medications nothing worked but tysabri. My lesions on my brain are beginning to shrink.
I 've been taking Alesse for 6 years. It 's the only birth control I have ever used. And I love it. I 've never had problems with it before. My periods are predictable, very light and regular. I don 't experience mood swings, or any major cramping on the pill either. It controlled my acne as well. I would suggest Alesse to every girl.
I have been dealing with a lot of stress, and ended up in the hospital with a panic attack. I have anxiety and panic disorder, and I have been taking Ativan for nearly three months. I only take it when I am at the point I can no longer breathe, and I am shaking. It is quick and effective, it causes me to calm down enough that I can breath, I stop shaking, and I am able to concentrate. I love it, and am pleased with the effects of it. The down side, is I tend to feel a bit loopy for like an hour after taking it, but then I 'm fine again, also eating helps this time period. Unfortunately I have to switch to Xanax because my new doctor likes them more. I 'm hoping for the same effect, but I would completely recommend it.
I 've been diagnosed with ADHD for many years my child hood was filled with lots of trouble. I 've had more failing grades than I can count more referrals then most kids been kicked out of an amazing school and lost a full ride scholarship.  I 'm not blaming all these problems on being ADHD but not having self control for my actions is a big factor my doctor finally prescribed me to Adderall and the difference is cazy. I have been able to stay focused on school and all my classes for the first time in 6 years I am getting honor roll I have an interest in being in school. I 'd recommend any one to give Adderall a  try. It truly has made my life a lot easier by being able to stay focused.
I began using Cialis a week ago. The third day, I got a strong erection, my first really hard one in more than nine years since open heart surgery. I took another Cialis on the third day and then nothing happened. Seemed to quit working for me. Then yesterday, day 6, I took another and suddenly it 's like I 'm 16. Get hard if the wind blows. My wife and I are very happy and feel like our life is suddenly changed for the better. Cialis rocks!
This medication addressed inappropriate crying and laughing that has plagued me since a right frontal lobe aneurysm rupture 10 years ago. Took a few weeks to adjust to the side effects but well worth the effort!
I decided to post a review to hopefully help anyone out there who 's looking for info. Me:I 'm 39, no kids, no other medications, alcohol only a few times per year. My results: The first two months I had irregular spotting and two periods a month lasting 4 to 5 days each (the periods were 2 weeks apart so 4 in 2 months). After that, the next 6 months I have been very consistent, one period per month starting on the same day each month and only lasting about 5 days and no spotting in between. Break-outs have been more common in these 6 months just before my period starts, frustrating but controllable with sleep, a multi-vitamin and an acne cream to help. I have not gained weight, but struggle losing it. No harsh or scary side-effects so far.
Accutane is the best drug out there. Extreme acne runs in my family and I had to complete two series of Accutane to get rid of it. While I was on the medicine I had the best skin of my entire life. I would always receive complements on how amazing my skin looked. One kid I don 't even know told me one day my skin looks like paper due to it 's smoothness. I fully back this product. It 's the best thing you 'll find on the market.
Viagra is the best medication I 've ever had in my life. I was having problems with erection so I went to my doctor who gave me a 25mg to try. I went two hours and half non-stop. I didn 't tell her the secret so she kept asking &quot;but why is it extremely strong today sweetheart?&quot; This has improved my sex life and my confidence. 
I heard voices and experienced wild delusions for over ten years before I found Abilify.  At first I took 10mg of Haldol to quiet the voices but that stopped working after 6 months.  And the side effects of Haldol were high.  My experience with Abilify I think are better than average, in that I 'm symptom free, with no side effects. 30mg a day for three  years.
I had pain from shingles. Gabapentin was giving me minimal relief, I tried diclofence suggested by a friend, it gave me relief in minutes. I use the 10%, and thankful I found it worked for me.
I 'm 36, have social anxiety, GAD, TMJ, fibromyalgia, muscle spasms, cluster headaches, &amp; herniated vertebrae.  I 've taken everything, including 12 years on a high dose of Xanax. After finally convincing a doc to prescribe me Valium, I felt like a different person. It kicks in FAST, but Its long half-life prevents that awful anxiety rebound effect. I find that Valium has a powerful (yet feels gentle) calmative effect on the body as well- which is absolutely wonderful when my muscles &amp; joints are tight. Valium is hands down the best benzo anti-anxiety medication out there.
Saved my life. Saved my mariage. Had Psoriasis and P. arthritis since grade school. Covered me from head to toe 80% Started Humira at 41. Been on it now for over 3 years. The only side effects I notice is that my shoulder no longer has me crying in tears over the pain and my Psoriasis is gone. Totally gone. Strangely however, in the past year and half the areas I once had persisrant Psoriasis have now turned into freckled pacthes. Some if the freckles are fairly dark. But I 'll take some freckles over the he 'll I lI 've with most my life and make the choice to start Humira all over again. Saved me for sure. Don 't even know what I would do if I lost my Humira. Shots are no big deal.
VERY good medication! I had uncontrolled Crohn 's for many years (no medicine would work for me).  My gastroenterologist decided to try this one and it was a life saver.  I couldn 't go out before (even for groceries!). It didn 't take very long to get the full effects from it and though the cost is higher than with the other medicines, I am more than willing to pay it to get my life back.  I could only get relief from prednisone before this medicine came along, but had terrible side effects from it.  Highly recommended for anyone looking for some relief for Crohn 's.  Good luck to all with this debilitating disease.
I just started the Gel, which I choose because it does not cause high blood pressure and I did not want to take any more pills. So far so good. If you follow the directions, and rub the gel in until your skin is dry, there is no sticky residue. I then just put regular cream over the sight. I 'm currently having some stomach cramping but I 'm not sure if it is because of the medicine.  
Hi I started Phentermine 37.5 mg in May, 2016 I weighed 221lbs at 5 '3. Have tried diet food programs and the gym work for a minute but too expensive for me. New doctor I told him my issues he read my medical file and said I could try this medicine.  Since May I have lost 25 lbs which you can see thank god and I can breathe without being winded.  I use to be an eater just because I knew it was wrong but couldn 't stop on my own. But with this pill you do stop on your own. I 'm not hungry do have dry mouth always had problems not sleeping so mild sleep pill lots of water and normal walking too hot where I live. Will walk more as weather cools and continue to watch what I eat need to get at least 50 pounds more off we will see.
I 've been on Saxenda for a month. I 've lost 10 pounds and feel amazing. Finally I have a weight loss medication without side effects.
I am a veteran.  I was diagnosed with depression while on active duty (started on Wellbutrin), though I am certain the depression went back years before.  I always knew something wasn 't right, but could never quite figure out what it was.  I had no desire to live and could not seem to shake that.  I admitted myself to a mental health unit recently with suicidal tendencies.  I started taking Celexa while in the unit, and I feel like a person now.  I am not in a &quot;good&quot; place in the world right now, but in my own &quot;world&quot; I am feeling great.
Stelara has been great. I have experienced no side effects and I just got my second shot and my Psoriasis is 90% faded after 4 weeks since my first shot.Basically if your insurance will cover it 's realistically a miracle. Good luck reader. I hope you have a similar experience of success.
I started Contrave 12 days ago, 218 lbs, 6 feet, male.The Good:I 've already lost 10 lbs and no physical activity. I 'm addicted to food. I Loooove carbs!!! However, since I started Contrave, I don 't have cravings anymore. I have this sensation of being full. Sometimes I even have to force myself to eat because I am diabetic and my doctor told me not to stop taking the medication. The bad:First day I felt light headed and nauseated, but nothing major. I take Contrave in the middle of my breakfast. Any time I take it before, I feel more nauseated. I couldn 't stand the second pill, so I went back to one. I 'm dong the second pill today. We will see. Constipation. I take Metamucil. That helps a lot!!!I highly recommend it.
St John 's Wort has literally turned my life around.  I 've had issues with depression in the past and always managed to work my way through them without help, but my last bout a few months ago got me to the point where it was starting to affect my work and people were really noticing. My personality had changed, I was temperamental, losing concentration on the job, sleeping badly, arguing with my husband, all I wanted to do was be alone... Then on a doctor 's recommendation I started taking SJW. I noticed the difference within days, and 5 weeks down the track I feel like I have not felt in years!! I admit I wasn 't expecting it to do anything... but I could not have been more wrong.
A few years ago I was hooked on Percocet, Vicodin, and Tramadol. (Side note: Doctors will tell you that Tramadol, &quot;Ultram&quot;, is none addictive but that is what the original addiction I had). My doctor gave me an prescription for Suboxone. It was a God send. I would recommend it to anyone who is having a lot of trouble kicking the pill popping habit.
I got Mirena five years ago after having my second child. Having Mirena is forgetting about birth control for as long as you have it. No pain, problems, discomfort. Maybe slight weight gain but it could also be because I 'm getting older. I 'm about to have it replaced with another one until my husband and I decide to have our last child. Like everything, the only way to know if it is for you is to try it. I think it 's worth it.
This has changed my life.  I was able to breathe better almost immediately and I love that is easy to use.  It did take a few tries to get accustomed to the inhaler but now I can 't imagine going back to my old ones.
First, I diagnosed myself after being exhausted, unable to lose ANY weight even when I breast fed my son for a year. My periods were heavy and debilitating and no amount of exercise or diet allowed me to lose weight.Synthroid alone was clearly not enough, so after 14 years I switched endocrinologists.She called me a &quot;doctor shopper&quot;, the first appointment, and said being cold all the time and 2 hour naps a day were NOT related to my thyroid.She reluctantly prescribed 5mcg of generic Cytomel BID.After only  4 days, the naps are a thing of the past!I cannot wait to see her face when she hears it worked!WHY are these doctors locked into ONLY care about &quot;the numbers&quot;?
I was percribed Zyclara about 3 weeks ago instruced to put it on once daily for 8 weeks. Look, I 'm not going to sugar coat it. This cream is meant to take action and get rid of your unwanted skin virus symptoms so yes, there will be tingles, maybe some burning and definitely some soreness but I would do it again in a heartbeat. A little goes a long way, and for me it takes a couple days to show results but the key is it does! I take &quot;heal days&quot; if needed and take care of myself with eating right and taking muilti vitamins. I went to weekly freezing prior which eventually worked but came back but so far with the cream no returns! One more stubburn one to go! Don 't be scared to try it and don 't give up. Your life is not over :)
This is great a couple of hours and the pain was gone.
Literally a life-changing product...I 've been using it for 3 days and I 'm already 100% satisfied. I tried other products out there but continued to sweat (armpits) even in the wintertime, 5 minutes out the door and the sweat would go through my shirt, within about an hour the sweat would go through my entire SUIT. Was thinking about getting surgery or botox injections, but somehow stumbled upon a site where I saw Drysol reviews and became cautiously optimistic from the customer reviews that this was my solution. SO happy to finally get rid of this terrible condition.
I ALWAYS get cold sores every time I get sick, so this morning when I woke up (after being sick all night) I noticed a little bump. I was so upset, I got so tired of cold sores. Every time I get them, they are huge and awful looking. So, I went to the doctor for the first time about my cold sores, and was prescribed Valtrex and I was only given 4 pills, and it was instructed to take all 4 pills in one day, I was a bit disappointed in that, though. I took all 4, and went to bed. Usually by the next morning (without medication) the cold sore gets bigger, but this time it didnt! I still had a small bump, but it would have been worse without the medication. From someone who suffers from bad cold sores, I am SO happy with this medicine!
This is the best thing ever. I was suffering from no desire to go to work, I couldn 't wake up, I was always late, I lost my motivation to accomplish things, I was anti-social and really just hating myself and life. I was also flustered, confused, feeling out of control and miserable. I started Wellbutrin and by the third day I could REALLY feel the difference. My mind starter to clear, I wasn 't hazy, my motivation was back and I could wake up early. This has been an answer to prayers. The study of the brain and body with science is amazing. I 'm very thankful.
I have have Hashimotos. Tirosint has changed my life for the good!!!! I have taken it for four months and I have felt like a human being again. I was a like a zombie for 10 years on stupid Armour. Fortunately I received a bad batch of Armour that sent me to the ER twice last October which prompted my medication change to Tirosint. I want to let everyone know with Hashimotos that Tirosint is truly a God sent medication. I hope it works for you like it has for me. I had no idea how sick I was on stupid Armour. That 's what I call it because Armour made me stupid. I couldn 't think straight while taking it. Now with Tirosint I 'm a force to be reckoned with!! I have a New job and have tons of energy! I have been reorganizing and cleaning my house
I have really good experience with Nexpalnon.After insertion my arm was sore about a week, after that I could go back to my gym and daily routine. It doesn 't bother me at all. No migraines, no gain weight, no skin problems.My mood is the same maybe even better, I 'm not that moody like before. I was some irregular bleeding about a month but it was very little. After a month I don 't have period (hallelujah) and no bleeding at all.Only disadvantage I found is my libido. I noticed my sex drive changed quite significantly. I really recommend it !
This is much much better and get a much better calming feeling from even valium. My doctor had me on valium since I was 12-16- and I even took it into my 20s 5 mg 3 times per day I was never hooked on it and even took valium vacations so I wouldn 't get hooked on it. But klonopin works so much better! it makes you feel happy and loved inside not the fake kind of loved either but really nice warm feelings of pure love and gentleness. My mom died 2 years ago and this is the only medicine that helps calm me down and come back to being happy again thank God for klonopin.
so far I have had some stomach cramping but at least the doctor in the hospital told me what to expect I 'm getting better
I have suffered from depression for over 30 years now and have gone on and off of Prozak several times during the years. What I have found is that when I 'm taking it I will feel so good that I always eventually stop taking it thinking that I do not need it but then after a few months I need To go  back on the medication and within no more than 2 weeks I feel like a new person.While writing this I only hope that I never foolish enough to stop taking Prozak.
I posted regarding my son 's good experience, now for my own. After struggling with distraction all my life, which I thought was normal and many in my family are the same, I didn 't get evaluated until after my son 's experience. I was also evaluated and was started on Strattera. The first thing I noticed was feeling increased thirst, some constipation, loss of appetite. I lost about 5lbs the first month (yeah!) and found that I felt more &quot;calm&quot;, less irritable and less flustered at work. I am a FNP in a busy office and I was more on task, less easily distracted on the medicine (80mg). Waiting for a new script, I was off for 2 weeks and the old symptoms came back, forgetfulness, fidgeting, on-edge. The med has been great for me!
Really worked for me, paroxetine definitely took the edge off and lessened anxiety symptoms. Would still have benzodiazepine as needed but this was 1-2 per month. Great antidepressant for anxiety &amp; panic disorder.
This pill has been pretty close to perfect. No weight gain, no depression, and my periods are much lighter and shorter. During the first few months my acne got really bad and I almost got off the pill, but then it went away around month 3 and my skin is pretty clear. I think this was just a bodily reaction to the change in hormones. The only negative is that this pill does make me drowsier than I used to be but I can manage. And plus I 'm not pregnant, so I guess it 's doing its job pretty well.
I 've tried many methods to reduce pain and period flow for endometriosis and tri sprintec was the only thing that worked. Yeah you get nausea but that 's common with birth control. I 've been using it altogether for 4 years I have no children and no pain in my pelvis while using it. Was the best one for me.
Took anti-depressants for over 25 years. Had given up when I was diagnosed with insulin resistance. A friendly doctor prescribed 1,500mg Metformin daily. Great relief from my symptoms which only later were discovered to be the result of Hereditary Hemochromatosis. I am 66.
I had Implanon put into my arm whilst I was still breastfeeding which was about November last year ( 2014) I noticed no bleeding at all and five months later still not one spot of blood. My baby is eight months old and I have just stopped breastfeeding. I have lost 5kg 's in 3 months I have noticed I don 't have an appetite anymore, has anyone else noticed weight loss with Implanon?
My Daughter has ADHD with a high level of agression, she is eleven.  This medicine has so far been a miracle for her and for all of us too. It has been about six weeks and she has only experienced a small amount of weight gain.  She is more focused at school and not fighting with friends, teachers, and family.  She is doing homework and cleaning her room.  She doesn 't seem to have any sleep problems. I will watch the weight gain and look for signs of muscle reactions.  Otherwise I am praying this medicine continues the way it has because I have not yelled for the first time in 9 or 10 years and she is happy.  More dr 's need to step away form Concerta and that family of drugs if they see they dont work or causes the aggression.
Mostly good but my pain would be worse at night when trying to sleep. I would take a dose and due to the 20 minute time to dissolve properly, I sometimes fell asleep with it still in my mouth which over time has done massive damage to my teeth nearby the cheeks in every quadrant of the mouth. The dental work required is in the ten thousand dollar range which I can 't hope to afford. As a mid aged man who is divorced, this causes problems with the ladies and I don 't blame them.
I have been taking Doxy 's for years, it treats a wide variety of infection, however, I was taking it for Acne, which works very well for me.  I learned over the years of taking this medication is to make sure to eat prior to taking it because it will cause nausea and light-headed ness.  Woman need to be especially careful while on Doxy because it can also cause yeast infection.
I started taking Contrave on Dec. 16. At that time, my BMI was over 31. I am 5 '7 ' ', femaile, aged 57, starting weight was 218. I weigh 194 this Am on my ScaleDown program. I am also using Jenny Craig low- cal food program. My exercise is extremely light at present due to low energy. I expect this to improve as I learn to eat a bit more. Very very happy with Contrave, ScaleDown, and Jenny Craig. Great support from MD as well. NO side effects at max. dose except a bit of nausea occasionally, correlates with extremely low food intake. ( much less than Jenny Craig recommends). .
I 'm a 33 yr old female who has experienced mild acne for most of my life. I have tried everything from over the counter products to antibiotics for 3 months. It was just recently that I started using Atralin (3 weeks now) &amp; I don 't need to worry about wearing makeup anymore (dream come true). This medication is definitely worth a try paired with other treatments. I currently get a chemical peel once a month, plexion cloths to wash 2x a day and Atralin at night. If my skin continues this way I will be a happier person as I don 't even worry about hiding my face anymore. 
I got the nexplanon three months ago. It has worked. I have not become pregnant but I have gained a lot of weight. I gained about fifteen-twenty pounds. It has also caused my skin to be really oily and causes me to get pimples often. I have had my period once in the last three months so I guess that is good. I suggest if you get the nexplanon make sure you are strict at dieting or eating healthy and exercise. I have two meals a day and go to the gym three days a week and have only lost five pounds in one month. The weight came on fast and it is hard to get off.
Cymbalta after being treated with Lexapro, most recently and four other antidepressants and enhancers, has FINALLY relieved me of depression and suicidal thoughts after seven years of being treated and hospitalized at one point. With all my heart I can say this little capsule has definitely saved and improved my life 100%. It 's nothing short of a miracle to me.
Where do I begin? Seroquel, personally I think it is a great medication for the right person. I 've taken seroquel on and off 3 different times, I am currently back on it and will most likely stay on it. I take 800mg before bed time and sleep like a baby. I do have a few side effects from this medicine which include dry mouth, constipation and indigestion. I take seroquel for Borderline personality disorder (BPD), I am also on 300mg lithium and 300mg 3x a day of gabapentin. Seroquel helps control my mania and impulsive behavior, it does not make me a zombie and I have great concentration. What I don 't understand is this drug being prescribed to people for sleep issues, sure you sleep like a baby but those are the people with all these terrible side effects and horror stories.
I had Mirena inserted 6 months after having my baby. The pill made me depressed and I wanted something long-term so I went with this. I took an IBProfen an hour before my appointment and had no pain during insertion. I bled very little for 2 days afterward, but thats all. So far I love it!
First I will admit I am at wits end with PMDD. I was on Zoloft 100 mg. about 1 yr ago for about 3 months, and it was like a miracle pill. Then I started to research more about it and there was so much negativity toward weight gain while on it, and I did gain 10 pounds so I started to panic because I am already 50 pounds overweight. So I went against better judgment and went off of it. I went around the mountain over and over again trying to find a better solution, &quot;Nothing was successful for me&quot;. I would rather be fat and happy than skinny and miserable for the rest of my life. I am going back on it in about a week. I am also going to be put on birth control pills to help with the hormones. 
First off, let me disclaim that while I rated this a ten in EFFECTIVENESS, that doesn 't mean it was all great. It obliterated my sex drive. A few months into using it, I was completely uninterested in being with my partner. Sex was actually painful. I 've been off it for about three weeks now and I 'm back in full swing. I haven 't gotten pregnant while using this without a condom, etc. So while it was effective, it was  kind of useless for preventing pregnancy since I never wanted sex while on it anyway.I went on it initially for period cramps. My periods would last 2-4 weeks at a time and were awful. So painful. This brought them down to 1-1.5 weeks with what I am assuming to be normal cramping. I could function during my cycles on this.
It has been great! I have had mine in a little over 3 months now and I have no had ache, headaches or periods. However, I have had mood swings and every once in a while a little spotting whenever I wipe nothing crazy that 's something I can handle. I love it
Amazing results!
I get about one or two a year and always used abreva. Some how it never really works for me that well and wonder why they lasted up to a month. 
Zoloft has helped me so much so far. I have spent the last three months getting worse and worse. Panic, anxiety and depression. I was on Wellbutrine but it just seemed to make me worse. Two days after starting Zoloft (I take it before I go to bed), I woke up happy. I felt normal - like myself! I don 't know about the sexual side effects yet because frankly it was difficult to want to be intimate when I was living in an emotional hell. Thank you Zoloft!! 
The first month I was on diethylpropion I had a little headache but it goes away. I lost 11 lbs in the first month. The second month I was on this I lost only 3 lbs, its because you still do have to exercise. So I was off of it for 1 month and gained about 4lbs because I went back to my old habits of overeating and I didn 't watch what I was eating. I think this pill will still work even if you get off of it, you just have to watch what you eat and count calories.I 'm back on it again and I have had some headaches but it went away. 
I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was eleven. Over the years, I 've been on Metadate, Strattera, Ritalin, Adderall, and Concerta. Finally, after a couple years of a break from the medications (nothing worked before), my new doctor decided to put me on Vyvanse (30mg). Within the first few hours of taking this drug, I noticed improvement. My mind didn 't feel clouded, I could remember things, I could finish tasks, and I was not easily distracted like before. He added Depakote(125mg) to my regimen, which is supposed to assist with agitation and anxiety. Together, these drugs have tremendously improved my life. The only &quot;bad&quot; things I have noticed is that my appetite is almost gone and I talk A LOT more than I used to.
I have only been takeing this for a week now but WOW.  It works so good.  It took 4 days to start it 's action.  It was like I was normal again.  I am 31 and have had constipation my whole life.  Higher fiber has got me through until a partial blockage and intestinal damage 2 months ago.  Now with Amitiza I feel less bloated and a movement everyday on one pill in the morning. I feel so good! A little chest tightness but it gives me no nausea yet.  This is a great medicine.
I am in my late 40 's and struggled with insomnia for years.  Got by with Zopiclone for a long time but it started to become ineffective.  Finally, after many fears about side effects, I tried quetiapine.  I have gradually increased to 50 mg at night which seems to be the optimal dosage and I have been  sleeping very well and feeling much better.  Main side effect is dry mouth so I have to be mindful of dental care.  No increase in appetite or sweet cravings which I feared.  It is worth trying if you are really struggling.  Very happy with this medication.
Wow... My energy and mood is completely stable. I feel completely normal- no side effects. Actually feel like I can accomplish things and am more apt to jump up and initiate something. No irritability at all. I am amazed and wished I hadn 't let the bottle sit in my medicine cabinet for 2 years, fearing side effects and unwilling to swallow my pride (and a 10 mg pill). Hopefully this construes. I am very happy.
This drug is a game changer ! I 'm coping daily much better...  I was a mess, suicidal a roller coaster of instability and terrible migraines, so far so good. I 'm in a place where Dialectical behavior therapy (dbt) can at least sink in ....  I 'm hoping not to much weight loss cause I 'm tiny to begin with. But no side effects so far.
No such side effects. Take 4 per day, every day.
My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex June 18, and I took the pill within 24 hours. Within the first week of taking the pill, I experienced five days of heavy spotting, which further delayed my period to today, July 25. I experienced light stomach cramping and heavy white discharge that occurred on and off. Along with this pill I ingested lots of vitamin C, cinnamon, and parsley to help ease my mind, but nothing has ever terrified me so much, so I hope this will help someone else out there. I thank God for this pill. Good luck.
I got a panic attack while at the movie, I wasn 't watching anything scary, it was an action movie. Anyway, I went to my boyfriends house after and had another panic attack the same night and couldn 't calm down. Went to work the next day and was still on edge. I decided to go to the doctors and she gave me Lexapro. While she gave me another medicine to take with it. I decided to only take the Lexpro/Escitopram. For the following 4 weeks only on Lexapro, I was very anxious and didn 't go to work, then one morning during the 4th week, I felt better and normal. 2 year 's later I saw a different doctor and she put me on a cheaper version of Lexapro, but during my first month on the other medicine I had another panic attack. I am now back on Lexapro.
If not wanting to eat all day then feeling nauseous when you do is the goal of this pill, then it is perfect. Otherwise, I 've never felt so sick when eating. I hope it works. I gained 26 pounds in 3 months!
I am a college student and I have found this product exceptionally useful. I use it for about everything from sports, studying, to even partying. I use this product after a hard day of practice. I use this product after leaning over a book all night and my neck hurts. I use this product for a hangover after a long night out at the bars.
I had my gallbladder removed in September and have been on this drug (as needed) since. It is a god send. I don 't get as nauseated as I was the first month of surgery but still have nausea here and there. This drug works very quickly and I feel instant relief. Sometimes I find myself needing to take 2 doses of the nausea is severe and it helps to ease it. Recommend this for anyone that struggles with nausea.
Wearing the clonidine patch a few days and it is working.
I fractured my L1 in 2/08 and have had chronic back pain since, in addition I have had 7 knee surgeries. My doctor is recommending knee replacements, but I 'm only 36 and in no hurry to have it done. I 've tried every kind of pain medicine there is. I found that Norco 10mg worked well but only lasted 3 hours or so and I was developing a tolerance to it. My family doctor finally referred me to a pain management doctor and he suggested oxycontin. I was hesitant at first becuase of the stigma associated with it but decided to give it a try. What a differance it 's made in my quality of life. I take 1 x 20mg tablet in the morning and 1 in the evening and live pain free. I still take the Norco for break through pain, but don 't need it often.
I loved it!!!!
Changed and SAVED my life...
Works for me.
After three treatments of OTC failures I used Sklice. I got a special brush from beauty supply store used for coloring hair, $1.29 and separated hair like a beautician does to apply product to small areas from scalp to ends.  Started at the base of neck and moved upwards to top and front of head. Took me over 2 hours to apply. Then put a shower cap on for 45 minutes. Used nit comb to comb out the same way I applied. I found adults &amp; tons of nits. Kept cleaning nit comb with baby wipes in ziplock bag for safe disposal. Total success. After days I keep searching her hair and finding nothing. My cost was initially $351.52 minus online coupon and my insurance resulted in a final out of pocket expense of $10.00. Great product.
Klonopin definitely has a smoother onset and longer duration than Xanax. Some tolerance can develop on long term usage so try to keep the dose as low as possible. Great benzodiazepine, wipes out anxiety once you figure out the right dosage for you.
PLEASE READ:Are you afraid of shaking people 's hands? Do pencils slip from your grip? Have sweaty hands during the dead of Winter? Afraid of handling loose change? Do you WANT a change?LOOK NO FURTHER THAN DRYSOL!I 've had all the above problems and MORE for so many years; I 've been embarrassed and socially anxious because of hyperhydrosis. Finally I went to the pharmacy and the pharmacist recommend Drysol. I had never heard of it before, but what more could I lose? My actual hands?I tried it every night for 4 days now, and it keeps getting better and better. We went to Church today (Christmas) and during the peace offering my hands were completely DRY! I owe my life to this product. God bless them. I recommend it to everyone!!!!!!!!
I 've been taking MiraLax, as my mom tells me, ever since I switched to formula. I 'm not a good eater so I 'm always constipated. However, MiraLax works pretty much all the time. It would get a 10 except that it failed today. I took my usual dosage and I was still constipated. I guess it 's because I 've been taking it my entire life.
The only reason I gave it a 9 is because I can tell immediately if I miss a dose because it is as if my depression returns full fold as far as crying, irritability, anger and deep sadness. I use something else-Wellbutrin &amp; Xanax bid for my anxiety. I have been on many anti-depressants and have dealt with PTSD and MDD since dx when 19. Probably had it prior but I was dx when I got to college because I was an A student who could not function. I tried this because my alternating Lexapro and Celexa (not at the same time) was no longer working and I am so happy that my NP found it. I had some tummy issues at first but they were gone after the first three weeks and I already have insomnia so that has not changed. I am the young Me again.
I have been using this medication for my complex tension headaches for 2 years now. I have a condition that causes chronic muscle spasms/trigger points in my upper back, shoulders, and neck. In turn the spasms start a chain reaction which results in severe headaches. This is the only medication that has successfully relieved my pain, and it does it without any adverse effects, and very quickly. 2 capsules, either at the same time or within an hour of each other, and the pain is on its way and I am able to move and turn my head again.
Diagnosed with IC March 2015, by ER Physician. I went to a Uro/Gyno and was given Elmiron 1 pill 3x per day and Hydroxyzine 25 mg 1 pill 3 x per day. Works 100% for me. I drink/eat what ever I want, including drinking coffee and eating chocolate. I have great insurance, so cost is not a problem. I have not experienced nausea, vomiting or hair loss.  Please try it, it might be the answer you 're looking for.
Works like a charm. Made a mistake during peak fertile time, took ella 36 hours later. No cramping, mild nausea. Period started a week early. I weigh 220lbs so Plan B would not be an option. Recommended
Olysio, in combination with Sovaldi, cleared my Genotype 1A HCV in three weeks!
If your constipated it can take a couple days maybe even a week it all depends. . Keep taking it till you get a bowel movement and keep taking it if your someone who deals with constant constipation for whatever reason. I was on opiates for 10yrs unfortunately.. but some people need them but if you need them for life long pain then you better never plan on getting off them cuz you 'll experience the worse thing in your life physically and mentally even when your clean you forever deal with severe depression/ anxiety along with body pain.. I ended up having to get on methadone cuz I couldn 't handle being off opiates, so that also gets me constipated but I use this 1cap day havent been blocked up since! Stool softeners dont work, only miralax
I have been using Skyla for 8 months. I took ibuprofen beforehand and had it inserted while on my period. It was definitely uncomfortable, but the pain only lasted a few minutes. I had what felt like period cramps and light spotting during the first month, and my heating  pad was my best friend. Since then, my cycle has been fairly regular (about every 30 days) with barely any cramping. I like that the hormones are released locally, so blood levonorgestrel levels are much  lower than taking a pill each day. Checking the strings at the end of each cycle is simple. The best part is that I 'm protected for 3 years and don 't have to worry about forgetting to take a pill. I 'll update if anything changes, but for now, Skyla is working wonderfully.
This  product works, my biggest problem is sweets and it totally took the sweet craving away, especially within the first 2 months. I suggest taking it just before lunch, you will not want to eat for the rest of the day/evening, but when I took it before breakfast it didn 't last until the evening. You should also exercise, but even if you don 't you 'll lose weight.
Knocks the pain out within a day or two.
Took first 5oz dose at 4 p.m. followed by drinking about four bottles of water ( 5-8oz glasses are recommended). Started to work within 30 minutes. Second dose at 10 o 'clock followed with more water. Doesn 't taste horrible and works really well.
Implanon is awesome. I had mine inserted a year ago and didn 't even feel it. I haven 't had any side effects at all. I didn 't have bleeding one bit afterwards and haven 't had a period since. After trying the pills, and the Depo shot I gained weight. After trying Implanon I lost all the extra pounds. I would recommend this to everyone. Best decision I have ever made.
I 've seen some of the reviews and I have a question for yall how did yall get your doctor to give phentermine to you for 6 months to a year my doctor will only give it to me 1 out of every 3 months
Only positive experiences to report. Testim has changed my life! If you need it, do not hesitate.
I 've taken it twice, one about three weeks after the other. it worked, though I did start my period a week after taking the pill both times. I was a little concerned having two periods so close to together but I was assured it was fine, and there was nothing unusual about the periods except the timing. Also, taking Plan B with alcohol didn 't make the pill ineffective for me. Good to know.
Saved my life. I used to take 20 mg two years ago. I ended up taking myself off, (tapering) then I was fine for about 6 months. I fell into a relapse and now started on 10 mg. I would be so afraid of what to eat and if something was going to make my blood sugar to high. Now I can eat healthy but not have to worry that to much fruit will make me sick. I can have a soda every now and then. I love Lexapro. The first few days are different, headache, stomach ache and dizziness. Now I feel 100% better.
I have severe panic and anxiety attacks and have for over 20 years. When I tried to go off this medication, lowering my dosage slowly because of a pregnancy, I ended up with the bad anxiety again. Needless to say I ended up going back on and my son was born perfectly ( at the time 20 years ago they were not sure of long term effects) if anything he is smarter than my other 2 children. I also take an anti depresent that works very well with it. I definitely recommend this medication. I am on a higher dose probably more than most I take 2mg in the morning and 2mg at night. Probably because my depression is worse than it was but the anxiety is finally under control
I am 45 and was diagnosed with ADD &amp; dyslexia when i was a child. Didn 't know about it until i was 40. Tried many other meds and would  highly recommend Vyvanse. The best part is not having the nervous-jittery feeling. I don 't realize I am on it during the day. I am glad my doctor recommended it to me.
My finger was partially amputated and reattached.  Vicodin didn 't help the pain but Percocet is excellent.  I only take a small dose so the pain is not wholly gone, but I don 't care once I 've taken it. It has made this manageable and I sleep well, too.
I was 41 when I was diagnosed in 4/98 and took Copaxone until 9/99. I was one of the lab rats in the original Tysabri trials.  Then the FDA approved it and removed from the market due to PML.  My MS came with a back with a vengeance &amp; I was still on Copaxone.  I got back on Tysabri in 4/07. I am almost 56 now and still working full time. I still go to the gym relatively regularly and lead a good life. If your immune system is okay other than MS, have not taken any nasty immune suppressing medicines and if they test you and you do not have the JC virus its a no brainer.  If you have the JC virus its more complicated.  My MS is still not easy but its my best option. Look at the stats vs. other options.  Good Luck!
Excellent medicine for me with no side effects. Have been on 5/20 dosage once daily along with 25mg of hydrochlorothiazide and my blood pressure is the lowest it 's been in 40 years. My average reading about 118/72. Previously had readings of 160-170/90-100
good experience.
Had severe mouth pain from infected teeth. Couldn 't sleep for 2 days. NORCO took care of that. Very good medicine for pain and helps you sleep if you need it. 
I started using Phentermine 2 weeks ago and lost 10 Pounds so far. I could probably have lost more but forced myself to eat small amounts. I could have gone without because my appetite just vanished. I learnt from previous experience though that my body doesn 't agree with that and then I binge. An added benefit for me is, that the medicine keeps me awake during the day. I have narcolepsy and had to stop my medication for that when starting Phentermine. So all in all its amazing. Even now at Christmas it 's not hard to keep the diet up.
I have to admit that after 25 years of marriage, a bit of the spark was wearing off.  Levitra totally re-energized our sex life. Not only does Levitra work great physically, it seems to make me grow little devil horns as well.  Thanks for a great medicine.  No wonder it 's so popular.
I have taken Tramadol for year and have found it very helpful with my body pain especially my back pain.  I usually have to take ONE 50 mg of the pill and that really helps.  There are many days that I may NOT have to take it.  I don 't find it addicting at all.  I take it only if I really need it.  My prescription says to take it 4 times a day.  I would never do that.  It helps with only one.  It can be constipating and that is why I only take one to give me  a lot of relief.  I take it now with a stool softener.  I am sorry if people find it addictive but I don 't feel that at all.  Perhaps they are taking 4 a day. I do not plan on dropping this pill for my pain any time soon.
The only medication that really works!   I have tried Ambien and Lunesta and Silenor is superior to both of them.
I 've tried Citalopram and Cymbalta and they don 't work for me. Citalopram makes me loopy all day and not able to think. Cymbalta just does nothing period. Effexor works well for both my anxiety and depression and racing thoughts. I can now think more clearly and not clench my jaw so much anymore. I 'm taking 75mg dosage.
Stroke at 45...heart attack at 51...high cholesterol since 30 's and statins did not work..Repatha brought cholesterol down to 80 from 275....all levels perfect...no side effects..I started treatment July 2016.
I started taking Adipex in January of 2008.  At that time I weighed 230 lbs.  Today I weigh 170 lbs and still losing. Lost 60 lbs.
Let me start by saying that have been dealing with anxiety and depression for about 5 years. My first years were terrible, I was always anxious ,sad, fearful and I developed cold intolerance among many symptoms.  I had many trips to the ER, stress test and MRI.....blood work and nothing but low vitamin d and hypertension.  Anyway I tried most of the SSRI meds but had terrible side effects.  I moved to natural supplements but nothing seem to work. My mental health doctor recommended Lamotrigine she said that this med was a mood stabilizer and might help with my anxiety.  Well so far its working great its like my anxiety switch in my brain was turned off I take 25mg a day in the morning and dare I say that I 'm looking forward to the future again?
Let me first start by saying that Requip did work very well to control my restless legs syndrome. (I have terrible uncontrollable leg movement/pain). However the side effects of the HIGHER dosage made me very sick. Approximately one hour before bedtime I had taken the pill. I began to feel extremely nauseous, excruciating stomach cramps, chills, and my head started spinning. I could barely make it to the bathroom where I immediately threw up. I found relief soon thereafter from the side effects. I continued having a mild stomach ache about 4 hours later. Requip should definitely be taken by the smaller dosage at first. Then move up gradually when you feel that the dosage isn 't covering all your pains. I take Requip daily and have for 10 years for my RLS. Feel better!
I am scheduled for knee replacement in a few weeks and my doctor prescribed Celebrex for me to take daily starting the day before surgery.  I have been suffering with osteoarthritis for years.  I am only 57 years old but my knees are so bad I walk like I am 90 years old.  In addition to my knees I suffer with joint pain all over my body.  I filled my prescription using the Celebrex discount card that I received from my doctor.  My co pay with insurance was only $4.00.  Without the discount card it would have cost $50.00.  I decided to try the Celebrex now disregarding my doctors instructions. My very first day of taking Celebrex I noticed a big difference in my joint pain.  I am on day three and my pain is much improved.  Thank God!
I am a 20 years old and started breaking out in 5TH GRADE! Yes I was 10 years old.  My cousins referred me to Benzaclin and I have been a faithful user ever since.  It dries up your pimples so fast.  If a friend has a pimple coming on before a special event I give them some and they are always pleased.  The second I get lazy and stop applying this my face reverts back to it 's old ways.  I have been using this product for ten years and will use it until it no longer works for me.  I absolutely love it and would recommend it to anyone struggling with mild acne and occasional breakouts.
I have only been taking BuSpar for about a month but I have seen a rapid turn around in my anxiety. I am not cured, I still get panicked from time to time, but I am now able to deal my worries without getting lost in them. I used to go about life in a sort of depersonalized haze, but the medication has worked in bringing me back to reality. As for side effects, I think it is safe to say that I got them all in the first couple weeks. Nausea, dizziness, drowsiness, slight depression, etc... However, it was nothing that was too bad. As I continued to take it, the side effects decreased. Furthermore, the benefits that I have obtained from it far outweighed any complaints that I might have had. I would suggest trying it for anxiety.
I have taken Xanax now for six months and it has been the best six months in a long time. I have finally been able to go out in places where before I absolutely would not go for fear of panic attacks. I was on 8mg Ativan and 60mg Tranxene before and all I did was stay in my house and sleep. Thank goodness my doctor prescribed Xanax.
Byetta controls my sugars but at times I have sugar lows.  I 'm not eating enough and have lost 5 lbs in one month.  But it beats having my sugars high.
This drug, coupled with Tegretol XR. Took me from full on Grand Mals to an occasional glitch in my system. It has truly freed me from a life of turmoil.
I 've taken many different medications for my ADHD  over the years, Adderall, Ritalin, Strattera, Concerta and Vyvanse. Dexedrinne is the most effective with almost no side effects. I only experienced slight appetite suppression with it and it never effected my mood negatively nor did I ever feel &quot;cracked-out&quot; on it. I now take Vyvanse because the slow release works better with another medication I take; however, I would strongly recommend Dexedrine to anyone who is looking for an effective treatment for ADHD. 
I apply it all over my face after washing and patting dry. I keep it on overnight, don 't wash it off, and keep it on until the next night I shower. I do this three days in a row, and then I do this routine every other day for about 2 months. This clears up my dermatitis for 2-3 months, at which point, I start my routine all over. Winter months are a battle with the irritation, peeling, and redness, but that 's when I have to be most aggressive with treatment. When my skin gets to the point where its super itchy, raw and red, I use benedryl lotion and it works like a charm. I love this product. My skin looks fantastic. Not only is it really great at clearing up my skin, it 's also great at diminishing fine lines.
I was given Strattera to treat my ADD. I began taking it with a free packet that ranged from 20mg to 80mg. At about 40 mg I began to notice that I was able to concentrate better in school. When I got to 80mg I began to not daydream anymore and people found it easier to talk to me because I wouldn 't be constantly jumping from subject to subject. My anxiety and sleep problem was also solved. However, after forgetting to take it one day, I got a massive headache, equal to a migraine. Besides that, I have had no other issues and it has made life much calmer and it has made my grades improve alot.
I have been taking Sprintec for a few years now and love it!  I do not have any side effects (that I 'm aware of) except my breasts get really swollen the week before my period. Other than that...it 's been great.
Still have short flareups of gout but less painful and pain only lasts a few hours
I just started today, and I am impressed that this pills, have taken my cravings away, made me feel satisfied with the food I ate. I know is only one day, but I have to share this so everyone can hear me loud and clear. I suffer from Arthritis on my shoulders, I get injected every six months with a fake cartilage . But I deal with the most extreme pain you can imagine. I did not take any Advil  during the whole day, and that is a miracle in itself , what ever is this medication, it worked on my pain also. I love it so far, and it is only my first day, I will continue till I lose my weight, and I will consult my Doctor about, continuing it, just because my pain subsided 90 percent.
Great medicine for pain but if you take it longer than 5 days it damages your kidneys. Helped with my knee pain and now Im back to dancing.
Have been using 6 days straight. No change in my daily activities, no apparent side effects.
I was in a motorcycle crash with a severely fractured wrist and was first given morphine, which sadly, had zero effect on the pain. The ER then gave me Dilaudid and it worked marvelously. I was in severe pain and it knocked it out well with no unpleasant side effects, as many report having with morphine. I was put on a pain pump timed for every 8 minutes and I was comfortable for the next 2 days before going home. I should mention, however, that my system processes pain medications VERY fast, so the same dose I take would likely be too strong for someone else.
In the hospital for 2 days with excrutiating pan in my breast bone and lower back with no diagnosis then I saw my podiatrist for a scheduled appointment and he said you have gout... Prescribed Methyipredmilsolone and the pain was gone in the first day. Maybe the diagnosticians at Eisenhower Medical in Rancho Mirage should visit Dr Andew Rothstein in Indio for some insight... At Eisenhower a nuclear stress test of my heart was ordered which I refused (my heart is fine) and I saved Medicare $10,000.
I have found Lyrica to be wonderful. I have been miserable since age 8 or sooner. I searched for answers. Just thought I was crazy and so did everyone else. It has changed my mood, pain, energy level is up, iritability gone. It is awesome.
I started Lupron about a month ago. I started taking it after the doctor told me I had stage 1 endometriosis. About a year before I found out I had PCOS which caused me to gain a lot of weight, about 23lbs. Since I 've been on Lupron I 've been feeling so much better and I 've LOST 7LBS!! The only thing I have been struggling with is the hot flashes. other than that I 've been doing very well on the shot.
If I miss a dose, I just take it the very next day.  If I run out ... Let 's just say I 've done it twice ... THERE WONT BE A THIRD !!!
I 'm five weeks pregnant, and I never had a yeast infection before. After consulting my Ob-Gyn and explaining the discomfort I 've been feeling, she prescribed this cream for me. Honestly after the very first night of applying the cream I felt complete relief. I have two more nights left but I already feel completely fine.
I have been on Ampyra for 4 days and I can 't remember the last time I felt this good. Left leg is working better, can stand for longer periods of time, and I think that is just the beginning. Like others, I am going to start retraining my body to get back to normal as much as I can. Going back to Mayo tomorrow to have strength retested for before and after. I am part of a study going on. Drug company is contributing to keep my copay to a minimum.
I was having migraines 3 x a week, blinding ones 1 x a week.  After 8 weeks on Nadolol I have only had one headache, which I treated with Advil.  It 's wonderful.
I have been using the NuvaRing for almost 2 years now and I absolutely love this birth control. It is so incredibly convenient as I was always very forgetful with the pill. I started taking birth control when I was 15 because I had the WORST period ever. My periods prior to the NuvaRing would consist of extreme pain to the point I would miss school and constant bleeding that would last up to 2 weeks. With the NuvaRing I rarely EVER get any pain my periods are very light and only last 3-5 days and my fianc
This medication saved my life. I had been suffering from a back injury for years, and the last 4 years were the worst. I 've done everything except surgery. I started gaining weight because my back pain limited my daily life.The final straw was after having a child I couldn 't walk for 2 months. The amount of narcotics it took for me to even stand was a fight with these doctors. Seems like it 's a fight to get help with the pain. I finally asked to try Cymbalta, within 2 days I was taking only a 1/4 of my other medications to help me stand.I 've been on it for 8 months, and from the day I gave birth I was 270lbs, I am now at 150, my daughter is only 10 months old.I 'm just out of pain and can do things any normal 31yr old can do
This medication is awesome!  It improved the quality of my life with NO side effects other than a temporary case of chapped lips.
So far, I haven 't gotten pregnant so this medication is doing its job. I have experienced a few side effects. I have a complete loss of appetite (I haven 't been hungry in 2 months) and I 've lost about 5 pounds. Sex can be painful since I can 't seem to produce natural lubrication. My period is a barely a period, I wouldn 't even call it a &quot;flow&quot; and it lasts maybe a day and a half. Most concerning is before starting Orsythia I had low blood pressure, but after two months my blood pressure has gone up so much it is technically stage 1 hypertension (despite taking perscription water pills).
I have tried so many times to stop smoking. I couldn 't believe that after being a smoker for 35 years, I finally quit with Chantix
Probably the best Ointment I have ever used. I used to use Hydrocortisone but my Doctor took me off it due to the risk of atrophy. All I can say is my face is remarkably different compared to a year ago thanks to Protopic. It 's safe to use too. I 'm at the 12 month mark now so will need to see a Dermatologist soon to decide on using it long term but I really hope I never have to stop using it!
In February 2008 I fell ill to Influenza A and ended up with double pneumonia. After a 7 day hospital stay in the ICU I begged to go home and the doctor prescribed Zyvox. This antibiotic did its job and cleared up my pneumonia and also a MRSA sinus infection that I had tried dozens of other antibiotics for with no results. There weren 't many annoying side effects which was a welcome relief. I did have some dizziness but nothing severe, also a little nausea from time to time.
My GP suggested I try Amrix after I had a flare-up of severe sciatica along with related lumbar pain.  A year ago I was diagnosed with a dessicated disc at L5-S1.  I first had only localized pain in the lower back; however, after several months, I began to experience intense sciatic pain.  At that time, I underwent 3 epidural steroid injections, which cleared most of the pain for approximately 1 year.  This recurrence was extremely intense; I was barely able to walk.  I began to overcompensate while walking, causing severe muscle spasms.  On a scale of pain 0-to-10, I was at 9 for about 4 days.  I took 1 Amrix at bedtime for 10 days.  My pain went from 9 to 7 to 4 to 3 in just 3 days.  By day 7, I had no sciatic pain at all.  Truly amazing.
I was on a 7 day sample pack and I had my first week free of migraines in over 5 years. Magic!
First let me start by saying yes if you eat the wrong foods you will have a bad time. This is a sort of magic pill but you need the right ingredients.Think low fat!You will become aware of what you can and can 't eat.I 've been on a low fat diet with exercise coupled with these pills.I 've been working hard and seeing amazing results. My doctor has said I will probably only need these pills for six months to get to where I need to be. My first weigh in saw me lose 10kgs that 's around 21lbs or 1.5st dependant on what you work with. I 've cut out all the bad things and have been walking at least a mile a day. As well as doing other exercises a couple times a week. I 'm living proof it works.no accidents either. 19st 5 to 17st and counting!
I 've been on this birth control for about 4 years now and its worked wonderfully for me. It completely regulated my period, the flow and not to mention it 's prevented pregnancy flawlessly.
I 've been using the product for about 1 month, and the sweating is absolutely gone.  My doctor recommended the Botox treatment, but HyperCare is a much cheaper alternative.  It did itch for the first 2 weeks, but has since subsided and there is no longer any itching or burning.  I also notice that I can now skip 1-2 days, and the sweating is still managed.  Great product!
This is the BEST antibiotic on the market. I have taken it several times and I love it.. Works fast with NO side effects..... Love it
I have had Mirena since February 2005. In February 2010 I had it removed and had another put in. I am very pleased with Mirena, I have had horrible periods since I was 11 and no other birth control has given me the results that Mirena has. I no longer get a period, heck I don 't even get the symptoms. It has been a wonderful experience for me. I am now ready to have another baby since my son is now 6 and I 'm not getting any younger. 
I am on Aviane now and very pleased with it besides the few pounds and easy bloating IT is great! My periods are lighter less painful and come exactly when they are supposed to. It has also worked to skip my period. I am very happy to have found this.
I have read a lot of negative comments on the IUD insertion so I just wanted to share my positive experience. Before hand I took two Vicodin about 1.5 hours before the appointment. The actual insertion only took about a minute. And, yes it was painful but it was over so quickly that it wasn 't that bad at all. I would do it again. The night I got it in, I had crams that felt like bad period cramps but nothing some Advil couldn 't help. Everyone is different but it was not as bad as I was expecting.
Love this product! I 'm 34 years old and I 've had acne for as long as I can remember. This stuff really works for me. I 've been using it for about two weeks now and this is the best my skin has ever been. Highly recommend!
I 'm only 14 and I was diagnosed with bipolar disorder when I was 12. My parents really didn 't want me on any medication, but after my last suicide attempt that almost killed me in the hospital, I had to be on it.It has helped me SO MUCH. I used to be on the verge on killing myself most days, but now I don 't have suicidal thoughts as often anymore, even though my problems are still here. I can now actually sleep most days, I can concentrate better in class, I don 't have racing thoughts as often, etc. I still get really angry sometimes though and a bit violent. I think the only thing I hate is that when it kicks in at night I feel awful. I 'm currently on 400 mg.
I am a pretty fit 60 year old who had been experiencing some Benign Prostate Hyperplasia symptoms and had increasingly noticed a deterioration of sexual performance. I was prescribed 5 mg daily Cialis.  It was helping somewhat with the BPH though I decided that the cost to benefit ratio may be far better with another medication.  The sexual performance benefit was another matter entirely and I couldn 't be more pleased. The daily 5mg made me feel 30 years younger, the quality of the sex has increased dramatically as I am able to last much longer and ejaculate much better as well.  My wife is both shocked and pleased.  I am now splitting them in half and have noticed virtually no lessening of its benefit.
i had trazodone for about two months and it really helped me im alot calmer and alot more relaxed but did good for me
I was TERRIFIED to take this because I 've had bad experiences with hormonal birth control pills. I took the pill last night with a meal, 24 hours after unprotected sex. I did wake up an hour after with some nausea- but honestly it wasn 't that bad. This morning still a little nausea I am tired and slight abdominal discomfort but I wouldn 't notice it if I was so worried about the side effects. Don 't be afraid to take it! A few days of discomfort beats 9 months of it! So let 's hope it works!
Outstanding medication for obsessive compulsive stress disorder, Panic, Agoraphobia. I have been on this medicine for 15 years and it has eliminated my panic attacks, anxiety and am able to leave the house without fear. Side effects include rapid heart rate, dry mouth and sexual dysfunction and hypotension. I take Anafranil at night. There is absolutely no weight gain, in fact I lost 50lbs. I did switch to Zoloft with no success and am back on Anafranil. There were no withdrawal symptoms when tapered off. This is one of the best meds in the TCA class and works better than the new SSRIs for me.
With a combination of Cipro and some Mucinex my sinus problems were gone in 24 hours. I 'm finishing the medicine and feeling great.
I 've had the nexplanon in for about a year. I didn 't like it at first because after I gave birth I got it inserted about a couple weeks after. Obviously I still had my period so when I got it in, I had heavy bleeding everyday for about a month. I always felt like I was pregnant because I had symptoms like nausea, bloating, mood swings, and my breasts swelled up. I talked to my doctor and she gave me pills to control my estrogen and that helped within 3 days. After that it was smooth sailing. Within the year I had spotting twice that lasted about a week. I felt normal again and for me it was awesome. I did however get it removed couple days ago only because my husband and I are planning on getting pregnant. I will use nexplanon again!
This was the first medication I was prescribed for anxiety, panic attacks, post traumatic stress disorder, and a few other problems I had going on at the same time. I started taking 1mg once per day, then 1mg twice per day... this worked well for quite a while. Then I changed to 2mg once per day and after several months went to 2mg twice per day. I took this for about 4yrs. total and had no nightmares, seldom had racing thoughts, the panic attacks stopped pretty much all together after the first week or two, and this also kept the general anxiety at bay as well. The only problem was that if you have no insurance or discount card it 's very expensive! I had to go to 10mg valium 3x daily at 1/3 the cost, but wish I could still afford the XR 's because they work well!
Plan B works! I am not on birth control, have an extremely regular period and keep close track of my fertile/non fertile windows each month. I have taken plan B 3 times over the span of a year, as back up for the pull out method. I have experienced minimal to no side effects, with the exception of being extremely bloated. The first 2 times I took the pill my period came the exact day I was due for it &amp; the 3rd time my period came 3 days early. Ladies, just relax and let the pill do what it 's supposed to do. If you took it within the 72hr time frame then your chances of becoming pregnant are slim to none. The pill is not a hoax and it truly does what it is meant to do!
Great relief. Other ones make me sleepy.
I am a RN who suffers from severe social anxiety and moderate depression.  Symptoms associated with SAD have included inability to write in front of others, eat in public, public speaking.  Even drinking in front of others was difficult for me.  I hated the shaking, heart racing/pounding, and everything else that went along with this horrible affliction! I remember it all starting around 15 years old but never could understand why.  I 'm 41 yrs old today and my anxieties have affected my life negatively and held me back in so many ways.  I never felt normal.  Many years and meds later, I came to believe my life would never change.  That I would never feel &quot;normal&quot; around people. Then I found Cymbalta..changed my life!
I was on the patch for six months, maybe a little more and it worked fantastic for me! It regulated my menstruation, so I knew it would come every Sunday. If I took off the patch on a Friday. I never had to worry about getting it in school, or at any random moment. Not only that but it enlarged my breasts, not too much but enough to boost my confidence. Sadly I had to switch to the pills, which reduced the size of my breasts and because the summer was here and I kept the patch on my buttocks, it 's not a good look with your bikini. I have even tried the Nuvaring, and after a whole night of constant urination, I took it off and I 'm going back to the patch. My doctor has told me the patch is 50/50 safe.
I developed irritable bowel syndrome while in college. During my first &quot;episode&quot; I wound up hospitalized due to severe abdominal pain and dehydration. I had already been diagnosed with GERD 18 months prior (from a doctor prescribing ibuprofen, I take 4x daily for WAY too long). After a couple days of tests and fluids the GI Doc. diagnosed me with anxiety induced irritable bowel syndrome. Paired with GERD I was in constant agony. Lots of vomiting. I lost 15lbs in a couple weeks (started out at 135lbs at 5 '3&quot;) and was close to being hospitalized again. Then a doctor put me on Librax and Prilosec. I can enjoy life again. I have fewer than 4 episodes a year now of IBS (still trying to manage the GERD). I take 2-3 a day, 4 if I decide to go out for spicy or overly greasy food. LOVE LIBRAX.
I promised myself when I was a wreck that I would post when I was myself again. Truth is these forums gave me hope when everything was hopeless and kept me going. I started on Sertraline 50 mg upped to 100 mg for severe anxiety that had been building up for a year. I focused on my anxiety all the time, life was not enjoyable.Word of advice-- if you are on Sertraline for anxiety you will feel worse beyond belief for a start!!! Please stick with it-- I never would have without forums. I felt much better after 6 weeks but has taken 11 to be me again. It is a slow process but the results are amazing. I needed a lot of time off work as I am in a surgical job-- don 't feel guilty as I did . We have an illness like any illness. Don 't ever lose hope
Every time I get a sinus infection I ask for Doxy it clears me up in a few days. I don 't have any bad side effects, guess I 'm lucky. I would recommend this medicine highly for sinus infections since it works so fast. I have to work and don 't have time to be sick, I 'm also a single mother and can 't be down too long and this medicine never let 's me down!
Very effective with no side effects (i.e. drowsiness).  I 've had mixed luck with other migraine medicines, but find Maxalt MLT to be consistently helpful.
I started taking Adipex On Jan 1. 2014 until Feb 1 2014 - I lost 30 pounds even. I did only 30 minutes of Cardio a day. That was just brisk walking. MY side effects were; cotton mouth, extreme loss of appetite, I lost my ass , I had extreme energy, couldn 't sleep, I was very focus, I had a pleasant attitude but quickly irritated, fast heart beat , blurry vision every now and again. My doctor told me that with adipex it helps you curb your hunger but when you work out it burns double calories. I was 180 - and went to 149. whe I stopped the weight never came back and it became hard for me to eat as much as I use to. I got pregnant and had a baby Jan 29 2015 - I am 180 pounds as of 2/4/17and I started adipex again. Same symptoms and I 'm losing a lot again
Started taking &quot;Cymbalta&quot; (Duloxetine 60mg daily) just under one year ago. I was suffering from SEVERE and debilitating anxiety, everyday, all day for months. Prior to that I had been suffering with anxiety mildly for about 5 years, with the occasional anxiety attack every few months. It rapidly changed to a severe problem where I was battling anxiety attacks daily, even multiple a day. I was sure I could &quot;beat&quot; anxiety with exercise, therapy, better work/home life balance, and being an overall healthier version of myself. But I quickly learned that there was no &quot;beating&quot; anxiety. So instead, I reluctantly decided to treat it with medication. And it has SAVED my life. I actually have a life now.
I have been on Lo Estrin 24 Fe or Minastrin 24 Fe for over 5 years now. Overall, I have had no problems with it. At first, I did gain some weight, but I was just entering high school at the time so it may not have been just from the birth control. Before, I had very irregular periods - with them coming about every 2 weeks and they were extremely heavy. Now I get my period every month at the same time for about 2-3 days and they are very light periods. Before birth control, I had a few cysts on my ovaries, which is why I was originally put on the pill and I have not had one in the last 5 years. I have never had acne either on or off the pill. I get very little cramps each month - usually only lasting a day.
I 'm 17 and this is the first method of birth control I have tried, been taking it for three weeks. It has been Amazing! My acne has completely cleared up in all areas (whole face, chest, back) and I have had no bad side effects!
When you look at the overall goal, it was perfect. I quit smoking in three weeks. My wife then tried it and had a similar timeline for success. So one month each was enough for both of us to quit smoking. We were each about a two pack a week smoker. We have both been quit for 3  years. I would recommend it, although I did experience some strange dreams, constipation, and nausea. I still believe overall it was worth the downsides. Everything returned to normal after I quit taking the medicine.
I have suffered from lack of sleep for many years and have tried most things on the market and even herbal infusions. Silenor gave me solid sleep with no side effects or that heavy awful feeling of being drugged. I hope other sufferers will have the chance of restful sleep.
Nothing better than this for stopping cold sores dead.
I have PTSD, and this drug helped me to be able to cope with everyday situations. I 100% recommend this before you try xanax or any other more serious medication. A little help getting your heart rate down can work wonders!
I started Adipex yesterday morning &amp; I lost 3 lbs when I weighed today. Dry mouth, but water is good anyway. Lots of energy. No appetite. Force myself to eat. Zumba &amp; walking 4 nights a week is my plan. 251 to 248 in a day!!!! What??!! I 'm on my way to being healthy &amp; happier! Just turned 36 &amp; I 'm excited.
Been on this medicine for about 4 weeks. 20 mg with barely any side effects at all. Went to the doctor yesterday and now am on 40 mg and still barely any side effects. I am a different person. Very laid back. I love it. I 'm so glad I got on this medicine and I lost 5 pounds in a month.
I started taking Celexa about five months ago and let me tell you, my life is finally normal. I had been suffering from depression and anxiety since I was 13 and it got significantly worse over the course of five years until I was crying and enraged over anything and everything. I could not think straight. Even when I knew I was getting mad over something small, I could not control my anger. I am currently taking 20 mg of Celexa and experiencing no side effects. I am completely back to normal on this medicine. I can think straight and I am happy!
Got Skylar inserted yesterday, the pain wasn 't too bad, stopped pains within a minute after it was inserted, was strong enough to get up and walk out afterward, since it 's in the bleeding stopped immediately after the procedure, since then I 've gotten no bleeding what so ever, but I can feel cramping but not to bad, I am happy I got Skylar :)
I would just like to say that I have been taking Oxycontin along with other strong pain medication for years,   I have been blessed by doctors who understand what chronic pain can do to your life and not being afraid to prescribe what is needed.   Although I am still in chronic pain, I would not be able to get out of bed without these medications.   
Gall bladder surgery was either botched or had complications. Terrible chronic pain for 3 years now. No alcohol, smoking caffeine, greasy foods or medicines of ANY kind other than prescribed Methadone 3 x 10mg a day allows me to run my business and take care of my family. No side effects. Works amazingly long time with a very constant pain decrease effect. Also stops abdominal cramps and diarrhea. Other medications such as Vicodin and Darvocet did not work well at all for long term pain.  I thank my Dr, who tried Methadone. 
I was in a quit smoking class when we got to the day of  'ok ' today is the day what do each of you want to use to  'help ' you succeed I 'd done my homework and asked for Chantix  I followed the directions to the letter chose a day counted back to make the  'week ' and began.. That was Oct 9th 2013. Today is March 12th, 2014 I have one week left of Chantix and will be done... I have slipped a time or two and laughingly tried I said laughingly because one puff and I was going yuck, and never made it past that puff, 154 days smoke free except for a couple puffs I don 't intend to beat myself up for. I 've had no side effects just the ability without going crazy to quit a 42 yr habit. Thanks Chantix for making it an easier journey.
I 'm 29 I 've been on this for about 2 years. I get mine free as I 'm diabetic. Sometimes it 's very hard for me to maintain an erection despite my age. This medication is amazing and I 've never had a side effect from it ever. Sometimes I could lose my erection if I had a lot on my mind during sex I would go soft because I was thinking about something else. Not anymore, I have 20mg x4 split in half. So I get 8 serving from 4 tablets as recommended by my doctor. This can help even erectile dysfunction from psychological problems not just physical. 10/10
After 20 years of migraine suffering I went private and was prescribed Amitriptyline 10mg.  I took these for 5 months and barely had a headache never mind migraine.  I got dry mouth and my sleeping improved also.  However after 5 months the migraines have started to come back so I increased the dosage to 20-25mg, again the first few weeks I noticed the dry mouth and disturbed sleeping but this has not settled down again and migraine free.  It 's the best medicine I 've ever had and had also helped with my neck and arm pain.  I couldn 't recommend it enough, a lifesaver.
I am a 28 y/o male, I used all drugs from about 12 but opiates and then IV heroin for about 10 years straight. I went through at least 7-8 rehabs and detoxes and endless county jails. In all those years I never had been able to stay clean more than a month on purpose. I 've been clean now 1 year 8 months and a day. Vivitrol saved my life without a doubt. I was on it for 13 months with intensive out patient treatment and as many NA meeting as I could get to in a week. I had some issues sleeping with the first shot but after that the side effects were a headache here and there. Freedom from active addiction is worth any cost. Give it a try if I could do it I promise anyone can.
My boyfriend has been on Antabuse for a few months now, and for the most part just the thought of drinking scared him. He takes this pill daily at the same time and now after witnessing one of the sickest people I 've ever seen due to one drink while taking this medicine, I 'm scared for him. He literally was bright red, his body was on fire and the sickness he felt was something he had never felt before and never wishes that he had drank. He was in massive pain. This drug works wonders, but under no circumstances, no matter how much stress you have in your life, DON 'T DRINK while on this medicine. You have absolute helplessness over the situation. There isn 't an antidote.
Very quick response to lowering eye pressure from 30 to 21 in 3 weeks. No side effects at all.
This medicine is a godsend.  I was previously taking Depakote &amp; Seroquel &amp; got so sick &amp; tired of my previous dr not listening to my concern of feeling like a zombie all day &amp; trying to nod off during the day.  Once I changed dr 's, my current dr heard my concerns &amp; introduced me to Trileptal.  By far this is the BEST I 've been doing since my correct diagnosis in 2009!  I couldn 't be happier w/my current progress, both not feeling like a zombie, but now also being able to thoroughly enjoy life with my first child I had in Oct 2015.  I feel both the most leveled out I 've felt in quite some time, but also without the awful effect of feeling  'drugged up ' per say &amp; actually feel regular human emotion, haha.  I 'd totally recommend this script!
I have had PTSD for 15 years, I was skeptical about taking medication for my condition, thinking each day I would fight on and get better without the aid of medications. I have finally sought help and have only been taking Zoloft for a short period of time and already I feel the difference. I feel happier and my general mood is more positive, the negative thoughts have diminished considerably.  I have had no bad side effects to date.  My advice to anyone hesitating is just pluck up the courage and talk to your doctor.
This is my first time on xulane patch I been on it for 7 days now, boy I tell ya I been feeling really sick like flu symptoms and nausea.. I can say it sticks on very well you just can 't be soaking for an hour in water I take showers it works best on my buttocks.. I don 't know anything about the periods yet since it is my first week
I am 86, in good health and play tennis twice a week.  The bone on bone problem started about 5 years ago and the orthovisc has been a blessing.  I heard about its effectiveness in only 50 % of people treated and am so glad it 's working for me.  No problem with the injections.  I can feel when I need another shot - probably about 8 months.
Simple started out 5&quot;6 188 pound male last September. Had some fatigue and dry mouth but drank more water and it seemed to ease those issues after a few days. Now I am at my goal of 140 pounds and ride my bike three times a week. My doctor says my numbers are good and keep up the good work. I am staying on my full dose as I don 't want to gain my weight back like before. Just feel really healthy.
I have taken carisoprodol for about 7 years 3 per day as needed.  This is to prevent painful muscle cramps of my ribcage muscles, the intercostals.  These muscles are mostly pretty small but very painful when they cramp.  Tried flexeril 15 years ago for a couple of years.  They put me to sleep and did not prevent the cramps.  Dr then prescribed Robaxin which was unreliable at pretty high dosages.  I developed spinal issues both in the neck and low back.  Prescribed opioids throughout to alleviate pain of the back issues as well as the muscle cramps.  Soma for at least the last 7 years.  Very effective at preventing, and even stopping attacks.  10 minutes to take effect. No noticeable side effects or withdrawal. Maybe just lucky.  Great med.
I had paragauard for two years even though I had heavy periods and VERY bad cramps. I can 't handle birth control pills (depression, weight gain, acne,  you name it). Finally, I gave in and tried Kyleena. Insertion hurts (a minute or two of cursing under your breath and some deep breathing), then I was basically fine. I took Motrin and Tylenol before insertion and took a few doses of Motrin for maybe a week or two after. Some brown spotting a week or so before my first period then a light period for about one week. Since then nothing and feeling great! I go back tomorrow to have an ultrasound to confirm placement, so far I can feel my strings and no issues during sex. Definitely recommend, just make sure you go to an OBGYN.
I really have probably been addicted for the last 30 years but some life changing things happened that I became out of control. My daughter was murdered and I got a divorce and my life became unmanageable and I was dying day by day. Finally on the 7th of January  2015 I went into the hospital and started on. Suboxone.  It was like a new life for me. I no longer look for pain pills everyday. It has been almost a year and it has been so wonderful to not be chasing pills every day. Thank you Dr and suboxone for giving me my life back.
The first day on this kept me awake all night and gave me a strange feeling. Two weeks in and I feel terrific. No anxiety episodes at all. Give this medicine a few days to kick in then you will really feel the benefits.
I 've dealt with depression/anxiety all of my life, or at least as early as I hit puberty. I tried Zoloft and Wellbutrin to their max doses, and neither were effective at all.  After dealing with unbearable constant depression I stopped seeing my psychiatrist and went to a family physician who prescribed me Effexor. It 's been maybe 4 months on Effexor XL 75 mg/day, and I 've done a 180 degree turn around. I feel so content, so confident, rarely feel sad or bothered by little things. I started dating and met someone, and my friendships with people are stronger than ever. I finally feel like the person I should be, and more importantly I feel like an OPTIMIST. Only bad thing is that withdrawal is bad &amp; it can make you nauseous. Otherwise 10/10!
My blood sugar numbers are nothing short of amazing.  97 or below every morning.  Even with a heavy carb meal I get to under 150 after pretty regularly.  Had slight nausea first week.  Nothing more the next 2 weeks.  Looking forward to my A1Cs in 3 months.
I have used Glipizide XL for about 6 years now as a secondary medicine. Glipizide helps to keep my blood sugar numbers within range and keeps me from having to use insulin as much as I would without it, which is a good thing. I haven 't had any side effects from the glipizide at all. I 'm very happy with this medication.
I too was on Enbrel for about 6 months (for reiter 's syndrome)  it worked well at first. Around month 5 stopped working. Went to Humira (1 month now) So Far it has worked wonders. I noticed improvement after a few days. Seemed to weaken after week 2, after 2cd shot taken, back up and feeling strong. (probably builds up in system) I 'm feeling more energetic, like my old self. First time in years, I 'm thinking of going back  to work. Hope it keeps working.Reiters syndrome 20 years, recently Crohnes disease.Cost of Humira 20.00 (with my insurance) no insurance, I understand its about 2,000 month? I also understand if you contact Humira, may get it for free or very large discount. Other insurance? All over the $ board. So far Humira is great
I was diagnosed with H1N1 on 9 Jan 2017. I was prescribed Tamiflu that same day. Within a day I felt 80% better.  I am glad I went to the DR withinh 48 hours of initial symptoms.  Today I have 3 pills left to take but I feel 100% better. I did not have any bad side effects. Take it with a meal or a large glass of milk.
This has been more effective in treating premenstrual dysphoric disorder in my case than any of the other combinations of antidepressants or mood stabilizers my doctors have tried. It saved my sanity.
I was having bad vertigo with cold sweat, vomiting and nausea, I started taking Vontrol, and the vertigo was less severe, vomiting and nausea disappeared.
Once the correct dosage was established my anxiety and panic attacks steadily improved. I underwent prolonged treatment due to a nasty relapse after the first round, following the birth of my first child. In the last stretch I was on this medicine for 8 years. Dosage peaked at 150mg and after a couple of years following complete symptoms remission we started dropping the dose VERY gradually. I have been off it for 9 months now. I had only mild adjustment side effects when starting the medicine: headache and nausea - both transient. During treatment I had very low libido and poor apetite. Over time, while initial symptoms positively disappeared, I became more irritable but doctor did not attribute this to the medicine but circumstance/nature
I thought SuPrep was fine. I had heard horror stories about other preps and this was not so bad. Also I took advice and used the very light colored Gatorade to help get it down. My doctor allowed me to also drink chicken broth. So the whole process was way less awful than I had feared. It all went faster than other prep methods I had heard about.
Have high cholesterol and triglycerides.  I am also a diabetic and I have borderline high blood pressure.  My doctor put me on Livalo because he said that because of all the medicine I am on, an advantage of Livalo is how it is metabolized.  It does not use the liver much.  That makes me happy.  I am tolerating it well and my LDL went from 225 to 110 in 90 days.  I will take that.
Trouble sleeping my whole life. I tried taking other medications with mild results. Belsomra works great for me! Downfall is the price but it is absolutely worth it if you are one of the people it works for effectively. The trouble waking up is the only thing I would change about this medication.
I was prescribed Contrave when I talked with my doctor about how much weight I 've gained recently and my inability to lose weight even with a healthier diet. I just started my 3rd week and am still doing the 1 pill in the morning, 1 pill late afternoon phase since I 've already seen improvement in my portion control and have been loosing weight. This has helped me realize how many snacks and how much food I was actually eating at meals. I (for the first time in a long time) can say no to sweets and extra food just because it 's there. In less than 3 weeks I 've lost 8lbs. I experienced a tight feeling in my stomach for 2 days, but that was very minimal and is gone. No other side effects. Will update review at the end of my prescription
I 've been taking Belviq for two years. Slowly I lost 30 pounds. I have continued to take this medication and the most important detail is that I have kept my weight loss off as Belviq Works perfectly for weight maintenance too.  (I can 't tell you how many times, prior to Belviq, that I 'd gained and lost this weight.) Very much helps  me with cravings and over eating.
Was diagnosed a year ago, Viral load 20000 and CD4 540. I 've always struggled with a Phobia of any medication, so learning of my HIV diagnosis I knew it was going to be a challenge to start treatment. 3 days ago I decided to start. I decided that Genvoya would be a perfect fit for me due to very little side affects.Day one. Slight nausea after and hour of taking Genvoya, but a piece of Pepper Mint candy stoped the nausea. 14 hours in I had a beer a nausea started up. Day Two, I felt really great! Slight dizziness after an hour of taking it, could have been my Anxiety that caused that. Remind you I have a phobia of Medication. The rest of Day Two I felt great, more energy. Day 3, absolutely no issues. I 'm feeling great. Genvoya is great!
Was diagnosed with depression, then bi-polar, then bipolar   narcolepsy.  Cocktail I was on for well over a year was 5mg Abilify, 60mg Cymbalta and 250mg NuVigil.  Recently came off the Abilify and I can 't even explain how good I felt, not high, not mania, just that &quot;finally, just me&quot; feeling.  I was content with life, at peace and for the first time in YEARS I was even happy!  After a week of no Abilify we decided to begin weaning off the NuVigil.  Been taking 150mg Nuvigil   60mg Cymbalta for a week now and feel horrible.  Don 't care about a thing, no motivation, tired, etc.  Doc said give it a month.  Hope I can last that long.  I just want ME back, as does my wife and kids.
I started having severe panic/anxiety attacks a few years ago after a traumatic experience. I used to have anxiety all day everyday. I lost weight, couldn 't eat, sleep and became literally afraid of everything! I tried other meds and was frustrated after repeated failed attempts. Finally I went to see a new Doctor who convinced me to try LEXAPRO. I was skeptic at first. After a few days I noticed a major difference! I was more relaxed and felt like my old self again. There wasn 't any major side effects only during the first two weeks I felt really tired but calm. But that went away after a few weeks. I continued the medication and now I can honestly say I have my life back! I gained a little weight but I manage with exercise. HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
I 've been on TriNessa for 9 months now and it is fantastic. Before starting the pill I had pains from my period that would have me in bed and crying for days. It took about 3 months for the pills to really take effect, but I noticed a big change in how much pain I was experiencing. I could make it through a day of school just by taking a Midol in the morning. Now my periods last for no longer than 4 days, they 're on schedule, and they 're all but painless. I have gained very little weight and my skin was mostly clear even right before I was about to start my period. I have missed two pills in the 9 months that I have been taking them, but I can 't say I was overly worried about it. I highly recommend this pill for pain and birth control.
10 out of 10 ,Lyrics 
Awesome! No side effects thus far. No period small bruise after insertion.
annabamma-  you need to PROVE beyond a shadow of a doubt that her psoriasis is debilitating.  It must be SEVERE for them to cover the cost of the medicine.  Moderate just wont cut it, it didn 't in my case.  I know its easier said than done but I let my skin get horrifically bad just to prove to my insurance that it should be covered.  TAKE PICTURES and see several dermatologists until one considers it a MAJOR problem.  Hope that helps.
I 've had multiple sclerosis for almost 10 years and have been on pretty much every other MS therapy there is (Copaxone, Rebif, Tysabri, Gilenya, Tecfidera) and had horrible reactions with all these meds. Aubagio is the only medication that I don 't have major side effects on. When I first started there was some nausea and flu-like symptoms but they dissipated after the first month. I haven 't had any recent flairs and I used to take Nuvigil for fatigue, but have found that I don 't need it since I 've started Aubagio. The One-to-One nurses are friendly, but extremely unhelpful. They basically regurgitate the same verbiage that 's on their website and can rarely answer my questions.
I have been a smoker for 33 years. I had tried everything to quit smoking.  Nicotine gum, Lozenges, Patches, Cessation classes and even hypnosis. Nothing worked. I started taking Chantix on 23 May 11 was able to stop on 6 June 11 . I know it has only been 10 days but I have never gone this long without smoking in the last 33 years.  It works for me.  I sort of enjoy some of the wild dreams I am having but have stopped taking the pills so now the dreams may stop.
I am taking Arava for rheumatoid arthritis and it 's causing a terrible cough. Tessalon worked great and allowed me to sleep all night.
I have taken Trileptal 75 mg with 25 mg of Effexor at bedtimefor 3 years with outstanding results for anxiety/ panic attacks.Sleep improved dramatically with this combination of drugs.
Although very effective. I found the spotting a nuisance.
Was prescribed Lupron after endo surgery since not all growths could be removed. I was very scared to be taking it after I read about it (I cried in doctor 's office when getting the injection). But I ended up loving it. It stopped my periods and the pain, so my anemia was under control and I had so much energy! As for side effects, there was insomnia (but I was not tired from it, so it was OK) and hot flashes started after about two months - but that was nothing compared to the relief. I only got one 3-month shot, but the positive effects lasted for quite a bit. I hope to get another 3-6 months soon.I know there are risks to this, and everyone reacts differently, so I could not advise anyone to take it or not, but for me it was wonderful.
So, I used this pill 3 times in one month. I already know that it was stupid and trust me don 't do what I did. I also had all the side effects that were not what you would want times 3. I will tell you this, this is very strong and yes it works. Even with taking 3 pills in one month I still got my period although it was a couple days late I still got it. Have no fear it will work for you just don 't stress yourself out.
Interesting reading all these negative posts.  I have been hospitalized three times for blocked bowels, and the treatment is nether cheap or pleasant.  After keeping a diary for my GI where I had pain almost every day for six months he prescribed Linzess.  First couple of days had no results, then it started working.  Very predictable and yes I do need to be near a bathroom for an hour or two after I take it.  After that everything is under control.  I feel wonderfully better and have much more energy.  I do believe you should take it on an empty stomach, then eat something about thirty minutes later.  On a few occasions I have taken a second dose in the evening if I felt uncomfortable or needed to skip the morning due to appointments.
I have been on this for two and a half weeks and I started off at 181.00  lb and today I 'm 169.8 lb so far I 'm happy with it.
I tried EVERY over the counter gastric acid reliever on the planet and nothing worked. Then I got my doctor to prescribe Protonix and never had any problems after that. I was very pleased.
Before taking Lexapro I would be very uncomfortable around  people and I would become depressed because I continued to deal with mild obsessive compulsive disorder.  My job is also very stressful as I am a manager at an entertainment business and would obsess over my job so I would not miss any details.  I had no time for life outside of work because I would obsess over my job and &quot;worse case scenario&quot;.  I am a 26 year old and when I was younger, around 17,  doctors would treat me with all types of depressive medications.  With negative outcomes, I decided young that I would not take any more medications and &quot;toughen&quot; it out.   NOW with events leading up to me taking Lexapro, I am a new person and I don 't worry about little things any more.  The OCD is GONE!
I had my thyroid irradiated in 2005 due to Grave 's disease caused by Hep C treatment (Ribivirin &amp; Interferon).  At first I saw an endocrinologist that prescribed Armour Thyroid but loss of job and insurance forced me to go to a free clinic, where I receive Synthroid.  The clinic doesn 't seem to understand the difference between experiencing low thyroid levels from naturally occurring hypothyroidism, &amp; complete loss of thyroid.  My NP says to me, incredulously, &quot;You take an awful lot of thyroid!&quot;, &amp; at that time I was only taking 75mcg a day.  Finally after three years of 75 to 100mcg, when I felt absolutely crazy (tired, confused, hair loss, cranky, paranoid, angry, enormous weight gain), she now has me on 150mcg which seems not perfect but better.
Had 4 treatments 3 weeks apart. Symptoms still hanging on a month after completion are wrinkled fingertips and a slight feeling like I touched a hot cookie sheet. Very sensitive to spicy foods as tongue felt burnt too.
I was 309 pounds then I started saxenda in one year I lost 85 pounds
With all the blood pressure medications I 've taken over the last 15 years, specifically beta blockers, Bystolic has been the best match for me. I was originally placed on beta blockers to control the rate of my heart since I have PSVT 's, which also increased my BP during those episodes. While I do work nights, I have gained weight since taking beta blockers. With Bystolic I do feel less tired and able to keep moving, climb stairs easier, my weight gain has stopped. My BP is usually 120 's/70-80. The cons of this drug, and to be fair, all beta blockers, I have horrendous nightmares. I have to take a sleeping pill, Lunesta, for that!
First of all, believe that the doctor had evaluated and decided that this drug has more benefits than the side effects for you.  Every medicine has side effects.I completed my 14 days of prevpac today.I was having unexplained upper right stomach pain and sometimes diarrhea once or twice in a week.  Initially thought its gallstones - but ultrasound confirmed its not.  All blood work was normal.  Upper endoscopy did not figure out any ulcers.  Finally,did a stool test and confirmed the presence of h.pylori antigen and i was recommended prevpac for 14 days.I had few side effects. Headache in the evening,Mild stomach cramps, Bitter taste in mouth (specifically in the morning).  Im feeling perfect nw.  Be positive and that supplements the med
I 've suffered with cold sores since I was about 6 years old, I am now 18 and when I was going through my final year of high school I had at least 1 cold sore a month because of the stress of things so I was prescribed acyclovir. I was told to take 2 a day for 3 months and then take a break and it dramatically improved my cold sores. They barely appeared but when they did they were half as big as usual and they healed within about 4 days. Now I only take acyclovir when I feel a cold sore coming on and it is honestly the best thing that I have used to help.
Ive been on this product for about 6 months. Yes, the beguining is hard . You will get more pimples and your skin will burn and turn red but realize this will pass and the struggle is worth it. A couple weeks is worth it compared to years worth of bad acne. Do not wax your upper lip if you are applying epiduo there- very painful. Also, after applying, use a fan or roll down a car window so that the air dries your face fast so the irratation will go away quicker.  I have no irratation of any sort anymore-just skin that gets better and better each day.
It was like a light bulb went on in my brain.
I love the nextplanon so far. My arm was a little sore after it was placed in, but I expected that. No symptoms besides a few minor headaches and some dizziness. My periods seemed to have completely stopped, which is nice but I 've heard that symptoms take longer to show in some people so I 'm just going to have to wait and see but so far everything has been great. It 's nice not having to worry about taking something daily.
I was very worried to start birth control for the first time, I 've heard so many bad symptoms about it. Especially about this birth control pill. However, to my surprise, I never had any symptoms whatsoever. I have been on the pill for about six months, and I don 't feel a thing. My face cleared up, (I have moderate acne) and my breasts grew. (GOOD thing) no vaginal dryness, no mood swings, my sex drive is the same. I get cramps but nothing Advil can 't fix.
I started originally on Tri-Sprintec for about 3 months, which I believe is the generic of Ortho Tri-Cyclen. I was an emotional wreck, so my doctor switched me to Apri. I had absolutely NO symptoms whatsoever. I actually lost weight! Didn 't increase my bra size, which could have been from the losing weight part. My acne cleared up within 2 months of starting Apri. It made my period so regular that I knew to the day down to the hour that I would start my period, with absolutely no spotting in between periods. I didn 't really notice any changes in my sex drive. Overall, I would strongly recommend this pill!
Works great for deep vein thrombosis! However, I always experience heavy bruising at the injection site.
Got it for flight phobia and even I hate medication but this is the best ever. I am so calm before and during the flight and all I take is a quarter. I even looked out of the window and found it pretty. Without this medication I would never do it.
FINALLY! It is relieving to see positive comments after finding nothing but negative remarks. I recently got the Mirena and yes, I have experienced a few side effects.However, from what I understand they are nothing out of the ordinary. I am not overly excited about the acne or the nausea, but I think the key for MOST of us that have recently had the Mirena inserted is to give your body time to adjust. Hopefully the majority of us will have a positive experience. One thing to keep in mind: It is possible to experience side effects with most medications. That doesn 't make it a horrible drug for all.
This medication demolished my libido.  Two weeks after stopping it, my libido is back to normal now.
I 've been on the shot since January and today is my 1st time bleeding. I 've been on and off of it for over 14 years and have never had bleeding while on. After getting off at times I 've had constant abnormal bleeding until period regulated again.
I never thought of myself as fat but chunky I might say. Well I am overweight at 5&quot;5 198lbs. So I started on Belviq six months ago and felt it was pricey 155.00 after the 75.00 discount. Well I have lost 35 pounds and now get it for 75.00 per month as my insurance does not cover this easy to use medicine. I had a little dry mouth but otherwise nothing to really not as a bad side effect. My overall health is much improved as well as my confidence.
I have extreme nausea a few days before and during my period. I tried so many things but nothing worked. My gyn wrote me a script for 550 mg of naproxen twice daily and I took it 3 days before my period and during my period. It worked!! I feel 100% better than the previous month.
This gel is so effective that I don 't need to take ibuprofen anymore. Very soothing, quick acting, long lasting, pleasant smell that soon dissipates.
I 've been on the pill for about 6 months and I 've had so severe issues or complaint about this birth control. I am 22 and this was my first birth control taken and prescribed by my gyno. I had no weight gain because I was more conscious of my cravings and I didn 't binge upon them. It 's always about perception and if you 're going to act upon all these desires to eat, clearly you will gain a significant amount of weight. My sex drive remained the same and I 'm still very sexually aroused. One obvious side effect that was prevalent would ultimately be my mood swings. I would easily turn super sensitive or get extremely irate if my boyfriend would do something or say something that made me unhappy.Other than that, I highly recommend Aviane.
Hey, I 'm 18 years old and have been struggling with acne since I was 10. When I first started tretinoin, my skin broke out and was peeling for about a week or two. I started seeing a lot of improvement by the end of the first month. I 've been on tretinoin for almost two months now and have barely any acne. Only one noticiable pimple next to my nose. I still have a few tiny white bumps along my hairline, but I 'm sure they will go away with time. One thing I have to say is DON 'T use more than a pea sized amount. If you use more than that, it dries your skin out and it peels even more, especially around the mouth area. I wish you good luck and I hope you achieve the same results as me.
I am a 24 year old male and have semi oil skin. Never had acne until after high school around 20 years old so I guess you can call it adult acne. Anyway, I was dealing with cystic acne on my chin, cheeks, jawline and even some times on my nose. It was considered mild-moderate but still very uncomfortable coming from 20 years of a completely clear face. I would have anywhere from 6-8 decently sized cysts on my face at any given time. For almost 5 years I tried everything all sorts of washes and crap I read online which none worked. Finally went to a derm 3 months ago and got Bactrim 800-160 within a week my acne cleared and has been 99.9% gone ever since taking it twice a day every day.
I never new life could feel so good. I wish I had this 20 years ago things would have been so different, and my husbands life would have been much easier.
Zoloft helped me a lot, perhaps I will sound cliche but for me it is really a miracle. I always had problems being in society of other people, on parties I always felt uneasy and tensed, in some way inferior. Zoloft changed that, also my mood swings became less, my anxiety is almost gone.
I 've been taking saphris 10mg twice a day for over a year. It has helped me tremendously. I no longer hear 9 voices, down to 2 voices that are quiet. I do not get dizzy or tired on it as well. It has given me clarity and rest from voices. It has been good for me so far, so grateful. I no longer have anxiety as well.
I  have fibromyalgia and severe arthritis in my back.  Woke up in so much pain today and I don 't have time for that because I have to attend a Christmas Party.  I took 600 mg of Motrin and an Ultram.  Had no idea Ultram could help with back!  I had a 12 on a scale of 1-10 for pain. Thank you makers of Ultram - I can go to my husband 's Christmas Party now!
Effexor is amazing. I have PTSD and cyclothemia.  I went through therapy and then added this years later.  I am stronger, enjoy life and I actually have a better sex life cuz I 'm in a better mood and can feel emotionally what I need to. For the women out there: I tried to push past the numbness and I can now can achieve full multiple orgasms. There 's away if you are determined enough. Best of luck to everyone trying hard to maintain a peaceful life full of hope and self love.
It worked really well for me but unfortunately I got some very bad side effects and had to stop taking Jalyn.  Side effects included severe leg cramps and joint pain.
IQ of 130 but troubled emotional status. Wide range of problems extending from Paranoia Anxiety Anger Delusion Bitterness Depression to Suicidial.Had 3 major Bipolar Attacks in 2008 2010 and 2012. Successful career hit the bottom in all these attacks.Lamictak is the greatest drug for me it most literally SAVED MY LIFEI am using around 125mg daily and I know how I am. Before using this drug I really never did !!If you have similar symptoms never hesitate. Give it a TRY for sure.
I used this medicine everyday for sixteen yrs. It didn 't really help that much with pain but it took me out of reality so I didn 't care if I was in pain. Not an addicting feeling, so when I stopped it cold turkey when I moved to a different state I didn 't feel sick for not having it.
I was diagnosed with GAD (general anxiety disorder) I was previously on cipralex and felt like a zombie taking it. I didn 't want to take it anymore so my doctor prescribed me celexa about a month ago.I have a bit of a hard time sleeping, tossing and turning but overall I do get my rest. I feel drowsy after the first few hours of taking it. Little bit irritable sometimes, short of patience. Over all I 'm not overthinking at night anymore, not stressing nearly as much and actually have motivation to do the things I want to.
I 've been on this for a little over 2 years. I was very emotionally unstable before, and asked to be switched to one that doesn 't alter moods so they chose this one. My period comes the same time every month and no more cramps! I had terrible cramps the whole first day I started, no matter what I did. Now they 're nonexistent!  And I finally feel like myself again. I recently gained weight but not due to the birth control. It 's a great choice for me!!
I first experienced gout 22 years ago in one of my big toes.  Suffered through that attack and a few years later I experienced a few more attacks.  Eventually went to a doctor and was diagnosed as gout.  As the years passed, I had attacks in various joints.  I would get pain in one ankle, then it would move to the other ankle or one of my knees.  The pain would luckily ocate in only one joint at a time.  In the fall of 2014, I had an attack so bad on my knee that image repeated trips to the medical clinic and received shots of Decadron and prednisone packs for treatment.  The pain would go away only to return 2-3 weeks later.  Made 4 total visits during that period.  Just yesterday, I had to go back for treatment from an acute attack.
I use 100mg once a day to control anxiety. It works well. People at work have noticed I am much calmer at work.
This works very well. I have nerve damage in my leg and it makes it where I can actually work I take 3 x 7.5 's a day. Without it I couldn 't even work. The side effects aren 't great.
I tried this medicine a day after I vomited three times and had that nausea feeling and that next day I vomited once in the morning but when I went to the medical centre they gave me the prescription for phenergan. I fell asleep instantly for two hours and a half and woke up refreshed and my stomach did not hurt for the rest of the day and I didn 't vomit ever since. It 's the best medicine for nausea and vomiting.
I have lost 50 pounds in three months. Strict diet and excercise.
I 've been on Cymbalta for 2 days and it is great.  My daily high anxiety is completely diminished.  I can make decisions without anxiety.  I am having trouble with sleepiness however, I know this will subside.  I got back on antidepressants because I 've had a tough time dealing with moms death in May and currently going through divorce.
Diagnosed with PCOS at 22. Had not had a period in about a year. Gained about 30 pounds in six months. Started metforminAnd started period six weeks later. No weight loss yet, but also no weight gain. Taking metformin at night 1500mg. Found out better to take in the evening with meals.
I am 20 and have always had anxiety about BC and not trusting that it is working (I could always use it exactly like I 'm supposed to and would still make myself sick over if I was pregnant or not) this has definitely lessened that feeling!! If your like me I always Google my symptoms to see if anyone else is feeling it too so let me tell you.. I 've had it for about 3 months now, and things are a little rough. I 've been bleeding almost everyday since I got it.. Except for those first few weeks. But it 's only minor spotting. My first period was just like normal (only 4-5 days too) and my second and third has been a little wonky. (Not on time) but I 'm holding out that it 'll get better! I wish you all luck!!!
Works well.
I was questioning taking this birth control after reading all the reviews. I 'm going onto my 3rd month. The first month my period lasted about 2 weeks but after that the monthly cycles where super light only 3 days and always on time. Everyone 's body is different. I didn 't experience any low sex drive, spotting or mood changes. I did notice a slight weight gain but Overall, I 'm pleased with the birth control.
I have had Nexplanon for about a year now. I got it since I can 't remember to take the pill. I have gained 20lbs, I haven 't had a period since my daughter was born last July (2014) and I get headaches everyday , depressed moods and get angry very quickly, which is unlike me. I am always hungry. I had to go on an antidepressant to calm my depression down. Only pro is I haven 't gotten pregnant.
I also take cafergot but it was taken off the market here too in Australia, but a compound pharmacy will make it up. I 've found that it works well, I 've tried the newer drugs but cafergot, with stemetll for nausea and phenergan works. It does knock me out but I used to have to go to hospital and be put on a drip for up to a week at a time. My insurance used to cover the cost but now it 's been taken off the government pharmaceutical scheme I have to pay full price of about $70 for 60 tablets.
Lunesta...way better than Ambien.  Ambient made me crazy, memory loss. Both in same class but Lunesta is my BUTTERFLY!  A little melatonin. Great sleep..saved me. Oh and 1mg of Klonopin.
When I first started I had to take a blood test and low and behold the reason I had gained weight was my thyroid was not normal ( explains the gobs of hair falling out too) that 1st week I took both pills and it was seriously the worst week my body has ever put me through! Which I 'm positive it was the thyroid meds but it made me an absolute wreck! I have now lost 15 lbs in a month and a half! I run on the treadmill everyday and well my eating is minimum which it has been like that since before this. The adipex makes me feel normal again easier to focus and at normal energy levels which I 'm sure the thyroid meds are helping that along too. All &amp; all completely worth it but make sure you have a complete blood test done before you take it!
I am a 25 year old female. I 'm 5 '8&quot; and weighed 240lbs at my heaviest. I tried Qsymia after it was recommended by a family member who has lost 40 lbs on it and I have been on it for exactly a week now. I 'm combining it with The 17 Day Diet by Dr. Mike Moreno, which is low fat, low carb, low sugar, and I 'm happy to say that somehow in one week I 've lost 14 pounds. I know it 's mostly water weight but I feel good and I can actually tell that the pill makes me not crave food or feel hungry throughout the day like I used to be, which makes following the diet so much easier. I would recommend Qsymia to anyone. Only side effect is a little lightheadedness the first day or two.
Tamiflu is a miracle drug - as long as you get it early enough. I 've used it twice now in 12 years and within 24 hours I was almost good as new.  I can 't say enough good things about it.
Only thing that works for me.
Have had acne since football as a young teen and used everything resulting useless till sampled Aczone at 23yrs of age. Apply at night after Panoxyl wash typically where I shave face and neck. Magic
For acute tooth pain - Vicodin is the drug of choice. After having my wisdom teeth taken out, it worked great for my pain. I only had a popsicle afterwards and did not experience any nausea.
I had mild panic attack disorder. I started taking the pill and there was a very light headache the first week that went away. I also woke up twice in the first two weeks feeling nausea, but I put up with it. Now I feel fine and I 'm a lot happier. I don 't like taking pills but my doctor thinks I should stay on it for at least one year.
I had this inserted a week ago. I understand this is different for everyone but my cramps were pretty severe. By the next day I was fine. However, for birth control to last 5 years, I would do it again.
3 months of being on Atripla,my HIV test came out -,been on it for over a year.I take it in the mornings,as I had no after effects from the beginning.It is majestic!
This medication is by far the best migraine medicine that I have used. The only thing that works better is a trip to the ER and then you have to suffer for hours and hours waiting on the doctor and have an extremely high bill. IMITREX always works for me.
I have suffered from migraines for at least 15 years and tried so many medications and therapies to help. Maxalt is the only thing that helps me. I have missed a day to three of work in a row from migraines and now do not have to miss any. It takes the pain away within an hour. I don 't get any effects from the drug really, maybe a bit tired once and awhile. My only complaint is the wafer tastes pretty gnarly but it is worth it!
I experienced much harder and longer lasting erections, which in turn increased length and girth back to a younger time, which made things more enjoyable for my wife and I. Even found myself waking with an erection which I didn 't realize I had missed so much. The one side affect was the lower back ache that lasted several days, but it was worth it. It was a free trial and I received several samples from my doctor. Otherwise, now I can 't afford them and they aren 't covered under my insurance.
It helps with the intense mood swings, negative emotions are less severe. On an 800mg a day dose, half in the morning, half at night.
My two-and-half year old son had severe reactions to Malarone. We were put on Daraprim for the entire 6 weeks of our stay and two weeks following our return to the US and we never got sick. We took precautions to not get bitten but did wind up getting a few mosquito bites but we never got sick. So, my feeling is the Daraprim worked in preventing us from getting malaria!
I took Paxil in highschool in 2000 for severe social anxiety and generalized anxiety disorder. I stopped going to school...Stopped eating..Stopped socializing with family and friends. Paxil changed my life back then. I started going to school, I made high honors, I started eating and having a life again.After that time my anxiety was manageable. I went off the Paxil and just used Valium for panic attacks. For years I was able to keep my anxiety under control with the least amount of medication as possible. Now (June 2017) I am experiencing the same  bad anxiety I dealt with years ago. I 'm back on Paxil (day 2) and I feel good. I hope it changes me so I can enjoy life again, make my partner happy and start working again. Give Paxil a try!!
This medicine really works for me. I lost 15 pounds in one month. Less cravings for sugar or snacks. Eating two protein shakes for breakfast and lunch (Medifast and/or Isagenyx) and a lean meat and green salad for dinner. Low carbohydrates and fat diet in general, plenty of veggies and lean meat or eggs. 30 mins of aerobic exercise a day. Like someone said, it 's will power in a pill. The only side effect was a headache the first two days and Advil took care of it. I 'm naturally a relaxed and happy person, but I do feel a general wellbeing and sleep better. I also felt a little more distracted than usual for a couple days at the beginning but after that nothing else. If you want to lose weight and feel better, try Belviq. Good luck to all!
I was on DEPO PROVERA before Lutera. It was terrible. My mood swings were terribly out of control, bleeding was always there and depression occurred. Switching to Lutera was a good idea because it is a low dose birth control which has helped my mood swings tremendously!
I have suffered chronic lower back pain (due to ankylosing spondylitis) for years, which I was treating it with Advil.  After I was diagnosed with AS, my doctor put me on Relafen (Nabumetone).  It 's been 3 months now and my back pain has virtually disappeared! I only hope the side effects from taking this long-term are not severe.
After trying all kinds of pain medicines, I was about ready to give up.  I was having issues at work, couldn 't take care of my kids let alone myself because of the severity of the pain.  My doctor decided to try me on Oxycontin and it has been a miracle.  I can play with my kids again.  My productivity at work has increased three-fold.  I am not calling in sick all the time and I am enjoying life.  I start clinicals in the fall.  Miracle.
I 'm taking Cipralex.I was in a car accident and about a year after the accident I started getting anxiety. My background: I was in the military and grew up on a farm. I was raised to be tough and to deal with my problems head on myself.The whole anxiety thing I thought was for weak people. People with weak minds who just couldn 't handle life. The funny thing with anxiety is it does not make sense. I was always an outgoing person up for anything at the drop of a dime.I started getting anxiety just talking to people and around my family. I would get these episodes of feeling like I was out of my body and spaced out. Not knowing how to respond or thinking the person I was talking to knew I was really anxious.Cipralex has saved me
So I am 20 and could not get it up for about a year and I was so depressed I almost gave up. So at this point I said why not, and told my doctor. He put me on 20 mlg sildenafil. I took two just to test by my self. And yes it worked with no problems I then went on to regan my life and started working out again sleeping better in a way it saved my life..... In the long run I think I might have problems later in life but for now I can live again.
After having my second child, I developed a few ovarian cysts and endometriosis.  My doctor told me I needed birth control.  Out of all the options with birth control, the Mirena seemed to be the best option for me.  I don 't have to remember to take a pill everyday, my periods are light to non-existent, and I 'm still baby-free and cyst-free!  This is my 5th year using Mirena.  I just recently had it replaced (9 days ago).  I 'm experiencing a few cramps on my left side, and I was spotting this morning, but that 's all normal.  The removal of the last Mirena was a bit uncomfortable, but that 's the only negative thing I have to say about it.
Switched from Sub 24mg or so  to buna,15mg . Just fine,  A little getting used to!!  it only takes 15 minutes to  (ABSORB)  Not dissolve !!!  I  spit out  the (Goo) after at least 15 minutes!!!  15mg to 9mg to 6mg !!! I 'm probably going to stay here for a while ??  I don 't want to screw up a good thing !!  This is the best stuff out there For us CHRONIC Addict 's ! I have my life back
I had diarrhea for a year and a half following gall bladder removal. I am so grateful to be able to eat without running to the bathroom within ten minutes. The day after I began taking Welchol, I won a dualthlon, probably because I didn 't need to use the restroom and I ate a decent breakfast. Thanks for giving me my life back!
I 've just gotten the second shot today, and I must say I love it, haven 't had my period had the tiniest bit of spotting I still get cramps when I 'm due for my period but nothing else.  I have also not gotten pregnant at all.  Probably the best decision I ever made.
It works very well at first but I seem to have gotten used to it very fast. After about 3 months I 'm already on the max dose of 300mg.
I am absolutely in LOVE with Excedrin Migraine ! Wheneve I have the worst migraine , I always take this pill &amp; it goes away so fast . I 've been having migraines since I was about 11 &amp; at first I would take Advil because I didn 't know about Excedrin . But, as soon as I found this, I never went back . I swear by this pill . It 's the only thing that really works for me . I don 't know why for me it doesn 't give me a stomach ache . I just took some this morning because I had the worst migraine &amp; I couldn 't wait to eat something first . But my stomach is fine still . I would 1000% recommended Excedrin to anyone !
I have recently been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and have found Lamictal (lamotrigine) to not only balance my mood, but to elevate me back to feeling human.  This is profound and very refreshing.  Having experienced mild to very severe depression all of my life, I have also had an acute and moderately severe manic episodes. Over the past two months I have worked my Lamictal dose very slowly up to 200mgs of Lamictal coupled with 25 to 100mg of Seroquel (primarily for insomnia and secondarily for mood).  Side effects have included memory loss, word recall problems, and distinct weight gain (even though I exercise often and rigorously).  Overall I would say this is a wonderful medicine.
I got my implant about 3 weeks ago &amp; so far I love it. Procedure was quick &amp; painless.. Got no bruising what so ever &amp; healed nicely. Can not even tell it is there! I 've had no unexpected bleeding or spotting. Right now I 'm just experiencing breast tenderness &amp; although it is really uncomfortable, I 'm sure being pregnant would feel worse! Really happy with this decision.. I hope my upcoming months are just as smooth.
I started Saxenda 27/04/17 and so far I love it! Down 5 pounds already...what! lolI 'm rarely hungry and get full pretty quick. I either walk 4-5km a day or ride my recumbent bike for an hour. Drinking lots of water and eating clean. The first day I felt a little queasy but nothing that kept me from work or daily routine.  No bowel issues either. Wake up each morning with a headache but it passes pretty quick once I 'm up and around. I was a little hesitant before starting because of the reviews I read about all the side effects, but I haven 't had many at all. Not crazy about spending $450 a month on it, but if it keeps on doing what its doing, its priceless to me!
I have been suffering from anxiety and paranoia for about 6 months now. The past month has been extreme with constant thought that I 'm going to die, when health wise I 'm perfectly fine besides needing to lose a few pounds. It has gotten to the point where every ache and pain makes me think something is wrong with me and that I 'm going to die. I fear being alone with my 8 months old the most. I fear something will happen to me and nobody will know and my baby will be alone in the house until daddy gets home. I tried almost everything except medicine because I am scared of side effects. Prescribed fluoxetine 20mg. I 've had the prescription for 2 weeks and been holding off. I finally gave in and started today. Your posts give me hope.
I had Mirena inserted after the birth of my second child, since 2008. Insertion was not painful at all. I did have some cramps and bleeding on and off for the first 3 months and got a bit bloated due to water retention but after 6 months everything was fine. Mirena gave me peace of mind as I don 't have to worry about getting pregnant all the time. It has improved my sex drive and sex life and thus as a couple my husband and I can enjoy a better relationship. I have also recommended to my friends and they seem to be happy about it as well.
I recommend Avonex 100%. I have had MS 8 yrs and since have had no new lesions or episodes. The flu-like symptoms were bad for the first 3 or 4 years but have since basically disappeared. Occasionally, I will have headaches the morning after the shot. Hope this helps you in your decision to choose Avonex.
I just started taking Apri about two months ago. I love it. My periods used to be unpredictable and heavy. Now they come at the same time every month, and are MUCH lighter. I actually don 't mind getting my period anymore.
I 've been on this medication for several years now.  During winter months we up my dose and in spring reduce it. After about 12 years of trying SSRI 's and not having a lot of success we tried this drug.  It has been the best medication for my depression.  There are a number of precautions that you must remember to take.  #1  Challenge each doctor to check and see if a new medication will react badly to the Emsam, a lot of the medications have interaction with Emsam.  Also you must give up aged things, like Pepperoni, Salomi, Beer, Wine, and Worchester and Soy sauces.  I learned the hard way about the last 2.  Most important thing is challenge all new medications and MAKE the doctor look them up.  
Have osteoarthritis in knee. I have taken this for years with no side effects. 50mg lets me take less for good days and more as needed. I cannot take the COX II type medicines, tried them all. My knee is not repairable. Without this medicine I would be on a walker.
Hello to everyone reading this. In the summer of 2012 I had the worst panic attack. I thought I was having a heart attack and immediately rushed to the hospital. Long story short, I was prescribed Lexapro since I was not progressing and had lost 40 lbs in less than a month. I spent nights crying asking why me. Within two weeks of taking 20mgs, I felt like my old self again. I was no longer socially anxious when it came to conversing with people and was thankful to be alive. The depressed and anxious me stayed home all day and lay in bed, but not anymore. Been off it 3 months now but advice to others is not to research 100 different sites for side effects.
I took Plan B within 24 hours of having unprotected sex. I was 3 weeks away from having my next period. About 1 week after taking Plan B I had spotting for a few days. Then nothing. The date for period came and went and I was very anxious and stressed when I did not get my period. My period finally came 17 days late. Thank god.
Could not focus at all before adderall. Took for 21 days aka 3 weeks and could finish task at hand, after 21 days focus doubled and I have taken on more tasks and can finish with time to spare and @ 100% no errors. It works.
I have been using Suboxone since Sept 2010. I had 21 years clean thru N.A. and A.A. due to an amphetamine addiction in my youth. Due to health problems (back injury) my doctor started me on hydrocodone, Xanax and Soma. One day I realized that my life was going nowhere. I could not function throughout the day without my medication. I seemed to be right back in my addiction. I since have started the Suboxone therapy and for me, it has been not only the means to get back on track without OPIATES, MUSCLE RELAXERS, and ANTI DEPRESSANTS. I personally believe not enough is said about the pain relief this medication brings, but also the anti depressant qualities the medication has as well. Take action.
I 'm on my second Mirena, I got my first one at 17, and just got my second one two weeks ago. I am having at little more cramping with this one that I didn 't experience with the first one. I had a wonderful doctor who gave me the medication that helps dilate your cervix if you haven 't given birth. I love the Mirena I recommend it to anyone! I highly recommend taking Tylenol before hand.
I took one pill (5mg--I 'm a 120lb female) last night at 11pm and went to bed a little while after, and woke up around 2am with mild cramping.  Went to the bathroom (just urinating) and then went back to sleep.  I then woke up in the morning at 8am a little with minimal cramping and bowel pressure, but upon going to the bathroom I still didn 't have a bowel movement.  I decided to drink a cup of strong coffee, hoping that would help, and about 5 minutes later went back to the bathroom and had a bowel movement.  I then had 3 more over the next 6 hours, all completely controlled.  This medicine really helped without I didn 't have any severe cramping or pain and now fell 90% back to normal less than 24 hours after I took the medicine!
I am been on Belviq for almost a year.  Immediately upon starting the medication I notice a difference. I didn 't have much of an appetite.  I have lost 85 pounds so far.  It 's expensive but my health is priceless so I made other adjustments to be able to afford the medication.  With a reduced diet and exercise everyone should get results.
I had the paragard  2005-2015.  Absolutely no issues.  I went this route to avoid having to take a pill everyday or take time out of my schedule for a visit to an office for a shot.  I was 31 when it was inserted.  At the 10 year mark I wanted to get it replaced, ended up getting Mirena due to pharmacy ordering issues.  It 's been just over a year with the Mirena and I am requesting to have it switched to the ParaGard. Although Mirena is low dose hormone IUD, supposedly restricted to the cervical/uterine location, I prefer just knowing there are no additional hormones .
After major surgery in 2010 my doctor told me to start using Miralax. I have used it daily every day since then. I was told to never strain during a bm again. Along with is this I eat 25 grams of fiber in my cereal every morning, a serving of prunes (7), one 5 gram of fiber protein bar, 2 fiber capsules, and drink 6-8 glasses of water ever day and finish the day with an apple for the pectin. And I cannot stop any of these items or I have problems. I do not have any blockages and have a colonoscopy every 3 years. Miralax places an important part and my doctor has no issues with me continuing to take it.
I 've written a review on here a couple times, first when I had first started on Accutane and second when I was on my fourth month. I just finished my last pill last night &amp; I 'm hopeful that my face will stay clear. I still have dry lips &amp; dry skin, that will eventually go back to normal but otherwise my skin is completely clear &amp; I 'm not scared to wear less makeup, before I would literally look like a cake face. All I have is a lot of left over marks and discoloration but my dermatologist and I have already talked about chemical peels within the next month or two. I know Accutane sounds scary for everyone who hasn 't tried it &amp; read some reviews but it 's not. Acne was messing with me mentally &amp; I was willing to try anything! Go for it.
I am 65, becauses of thyroid supplements, I started getting very oily with lots of blackheads on my nose, lips, &amp; chin &amp; a few small pimples.  Went to my Derm after an 18 year lapse; she prescribed Tazorac; I really wanted accutane which I had taken in my 40 's, really good stuff, but she insisted that I try Tazorac at .1%; I love it.  It set my face on fire for about 2 weeks, I used Epionce medical barrier cream to cool it. &amp; help with the sting.  My face was very red too.  After 2 weeks, the burn lessen and now I can put it on several days in a row without the cream.  Been using for 2 mos &amp; my skin is looking fantastic &amp; brighter, I have a few acne scars and they are looking much smaller too.  I am getting complements from family members.
Been using Retin A for over 10 years, for photo aging and acne. I 'm 51 and routinely am told I look like my 33 yo daughter &amp; I could be sisters. I 'm also a sunscreen fanatic &amp; I believe that 's the key to maintaining your results. This product truly does work. You have to be patient and practice overall good skin care - but this works.
Been suffering with anxiety since Jan this year, tried natural products,CBT also citalopram. Citalopram made me worse, sick, crying just feeling awful. Doctor suggested Sertraline to which I was very nervous to try, started 25mg for one week then increased to 50mg, no side effects at all. Day 18 on 50mg feel more myself, feeling better daily. My advice don 't read any negative reviews only the positive, give them a go. Def working for me.
I had been on Zoloft for 8 years before it just stopped working. Doctor switched me to Cymbalta and I was very fortunate that it worked, really well for 6 years. Unfortunately, my insurance company switched approval for this to the generic version, which absolutely is not the same. It slowly started losing efficacy. So my doctor had to increase my daily dosage (on the generic version) from 60 mg to 90 mg. At 60 mg, I had didn 't have sexual side effects, but I did at 90 mg, which was not acceptable to me. So back down to 60 mg I went. Now I 'm having &quot;break through&quot; symptoms again: anger, irritability, lack of interest in things. I 'm not sure what I 'll do, but I 'm pretty sure I have to switch meds completely again.
LOVE IT. I took Strattera for 4 yrs but switched because of terrible nausea and anxiety. The first 3 months I had terrible migraines, lack of appitite &amp; trouble sleeping. Keep taking it daily to give body time to adjust. No side effects now and huge HUGE improvement in work, concentration and motivation.
I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis 8 years and due to financial situation stopped taking any meds for the past 5 years, but recently went back to my GI and after being reprimanded for my actions was put back on Lialda.  It has been about 2 and half months and most of my symptoms have improved though still having soreness/dull ache in my abdomen and urgency for the bathroom more than my GI thinks I should. Colonscopy is scheduled in a few weeks to see what the condition of the colon is in and may have to add another medication.  I would advise even if you are feeling fine do not stop taking your meds unless directed by your doctor.  I have been told I will need to take meds for the rest of my life.
I had the Mirena inserted 4 months ago and I absolutely love it. I am 19, have never been pregnant, and was looking for the lowest maintenance birth control possible. The insertion was incredibly painful, honestly the worst pain that I have ever felt in my life, and I experienced cramping for the rest of the day. I had to lay in bed with a heat pack on my abdomen and try to ignore the pain. After that though, it has been everything a birth control should be. I haven 't experienced any of the potential nasty side effects, and I think I actually have an increased sex drive. I don 't get my period anymore, which my doctor said is normal. I would recommend this to any woman, because it has made my life much easier!
I 'm in my late twenties and I 've been prescribed this medication for social anxiety and depression (I live in Canada). I had been in therapy for almost a year before starting taking it, and also doing yoga and meditation for a couple of years. I had basically tried every herb and supplement for anxiety over the years and was very stressed out and secretly suicidal when I went to my doctor. This medication saved me. At first I couldn 't eat for about 10 days, no desire to put food in my dry mouth. I also felt a bit drugged and weird. After 2 weeks on the 10 mg dose I started feeling a lot better, and as the weeks went by my anxiety lowered a whole lot. I finally feel like myself, I can speak my mind and let my personality shine. I feel happy!
I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia three years ago. when it started to get worse (about two years ago) my life came to a halt. I almost never left my bed and I moved as little as possible because the pain was so severe. My doctor prescribed Lyrica for me and it changed my life. I still have good and bad days, but I can bear the bad days because of Lyrica. It gave me my life back. When I first took it, I did have the &quot;high&quot; feeling the side effects mention, but it was only my first two doses. Also, I HAVE to take it with food, otherwise I get extremely nauseous and dizzy. I have gained a lot of weight (about 40 lbs), but I also have CFS which has caused me to have a very sedentary lifestyle. overall, Lyrica saved my life.
After 33 radiation treatments of throat for cancer, the mucus situation had gotten ridiculous.  Sometimes it would actually make it hard to breath. Doctor prescribed Guaifenesin, and it 's worked wonders!  The prescribed dosage for me is 600 mg 3 to 4 times a day.
After experimenting with various pills and suffering from mood swings, this was the one method that didn 't give me mood swings or weight gain. Irregular light periods with very light cramps are a relief from heavy Endo symptoms which is a plus. The insertion is fast and you 're just a little sore for a few days. I definitely recommend using this implant since you don 't have to worry about taking anything for 3 years. All methods work differently with everyone but this one definitely worked for me.
Works for me every time.
I was in November 250 pounds and I beg my MD to prescribed me this medication he told me he does not do it, but he will make a pack with me that within a month I have to loose weight the amount he did not mentioned, so he did gave me the prescription for the first 14 days @ first honestly for the first couples of days it did not do anything, but then start it to kick in, when I went back to see him he did not want to weigh me so he fax the prescription to he pharmacy 7.5 mg 1 every morning in 3 months from 250lbs, I went down to 206lbs and from waist 40, I am 34 and XXL-shirts now. I am large everybody tells me how amazing I look and I feel and look great and more confident about myself now. My goal is not to become a Model nor muscular.
I am 28 years old I have two kids. One is 6 years old and the other is 11 1/2 months. I have to say the Skyla is a breath of fresh air. With my first I did the Copper IUD and it hurt and it was very bad experience. The Skyla did not hurt when I got in and it does not hurt ever. I highly recommend it for moms who are still wanting kids in the future but want to wait a few years. I got it inserted when I son was 4 months old. I recommend you get it done as soon as you are able to after you give birth for the least pain possible during insertion. However, it is so tiny anyone can get it done. No side effects for me and I have had it now for 6 months.
It has always worked for me.
I get ongoing migraines about 1 to 2 times a week due to inflammation caused by a disease called Ankylosing Spondylitis, which attacks the joints and causes spinal fusion. This medication is INCREDIBLE. Yes, it 's expensive without insurance but I have even started breaking the pills in half and my migraines are still wiped out in 20 minutes. Thank you to the creators of Treximet for saving my life.
This stuff is great. I have had a chronic cough for over a year following an esophagectomy. This is the first medication that actually works for more then a couple of hours. I can actually make it through the night without having coughing episode. As a side benefit, it tastes pretty good.
After a week using it all symptoms were gone. If I miss it 3 to 5 days , symptoms returned. No drowsiness is the best part.
I had a choice between the suboxene which then I wouldn 't be able to take my adderall or the vivitral which I can take with any meds. So of course I did the half pill test in the Dr 's office and sat for 15 mins to see if I would have bad reaction. I was ok so then we went ahead and did the shot. I was excited to finally get this burden of the opiates that led to suboxene  then stuck without knowing what to do. I 'm done, don 't want to live on this anymore...it 's not living. I went in and did this shot and at first I freaked out when I got home like my body went into instant withdrawal . My body was spasming and I was freaked out. My cousin called 911 and they had given me 4 shots of ativan on top of two of my 2mg klonopin that I barely take.
I have taken Zonegran ( brand name only) for about 15 years I have been seizure free ALL 15 years. Prior to that I was on Topamax ( brand name only) I was seizure free 4 years I had one seizure in that time due to exposure to mold. Zonegran is the BEST medicine I have ever had. I do have word finding and short term memory issues that are frustrating and sometimes involuntary jerking of my limbs, as I 'm trying to go to sleep. In all honesty, I would not use anything else. I don 't have to worry about seizures. I just take the meds and live my life. So much so I am finally driving a car which is something I thought I would never do, because I didn 't trust my meds!!
I had my IUD inserted 3 days ago after having a hormone implant removed from my arm. The hormonal side affects of the implant were really bad so I was desperate for a non hormone alternative. For me the pain during procedure was quite intense, but short lived. Take some pain relief before hand if you 're worried and after as the cramping can be pretty bad. It sounds funny but after 20 years of hormone contraception  (pill, then 2 babies, then implant) I feel free. Im looking forward to a normal sex drive, and I know I might get heavier periods but I prefer that to pumping my body with hormone. So far so good.
I have been on this medication for a week, after switching from Zoloft.  My doctor started me on 20mg.  I made the mistake of immediately going online to read reviews.  Instead, my advice is to let the medication start to take effect.  You will make yourself feel worse if you read the negative reviews.  I can say that one week on this medication has turned out better than my previous medication.  Everyone is different, so I think I found the one that works. Initially, you may have some insomnia, but it will pass once you start to feel more relaxed.  I did have some tingly feelings in the hands, but that passed after day 4.  I felt a head rush of sorts the first 5-6 days, where I felt high, but it too passed for me.
Began this medication about 5 weeks ago. Currently taking 15mg (escitalopram) and obsessive worrying is SO much better/decreased. Minimal side effects in the beginning: some dizziness, some nausea but only at 5-10mg, tiredness that went away and so now take medicine in the morning as it will cause insomnia if I take it in the evening. My sleep is better, appetite better and I am back to exercising and anxiety is decreased. I am told I can continue to see results up to 12 weeks. 
Firstly, I 'm 18, 5 '4, and 160lb when I started. I 've been on it for 3 days and have lost 4.8 lbs. I was going to hold off on my review but I experienced some side effects. This takes insomnia to another level, I would go to sleep at 6-7am just to wake up 5 hours later. These past 24 hours I have felt so lightheaded that I stayed in bed thinking I was going to faint out of dizziness and even while not moving in my bed after waking up, my heart would beat at a thousand beats per second. I drink plenty of water too. I also had unexpected diarrhea. Needless to say the side effects are STRONG. I love the energy boost though.
No side effects other than no periods!
I am now in my late 30 's and have always been a very confident person. I work in the construction industry and have worked my way up the ladder into an executive role. 7 years ago I had my first panic attack just prior to presenting to the company. I fought my way through it - but I developed classic fear symptoms moving forward. I would worry myself sick with anxiety thinking about my next presentation.  2 yrs ago I was prescribed propranolol and it has been a life changer. No pounding heart or shortness of breath any more! I take 30mg before a presentation /10mg before a stressful meeting that I need to run / 5mg in the morning can calm me on a stressful day. I thought I needed to change careers at One point - not anymore - Miracle Med!
This product works great for me. I can 't figure out why so many women can 't get the applicator out of the foil packaging????? Really??? Cuts? Losing the little tablet??I have no problem whatsoever.
HC DERMA-PAX was my &quot;go to&quot; anti-itch Spray for alLergic reactions ranging from poison ivy to sycamore leaves.Where can I order this now?  Did they go out of business because they had something that worked?
Very effective in stopping many decades of violent nightmares. There was a difference for me starting the first night on 1 mg. After several weeks I 'm now taking 3mg nightly and have had good success with sleeping better throughout the night. The times I do wake up I 'm calmer than in the past, and can go back to sleep far more easily.
I was diagnosed with narcolepsy about 5 years ago and have had very good results by taking Dexedrine.
I have been on Wellbutrin (all doses - 150 at first and after a year of taking 300, and then now to 200 mg). It has been a standalone lifesaver. I have been motivated to get out of my bed and do things I normally would not do, such as visit a winery by myself, go on a solo hike, vacations (even out of the country) alone, which can be difficult as a single woman. It has given me the ability to manage my ADD and a slew of other affective spectrum issues. During the two years on it, I have tried Lexapro and Viibryd alongside the Wellbutrin, both of which did not have that much of a positive effect on me. The Wellbutrin, however, is noticeably effective for me as a person. It just really seems to match my specific set of issues and needs.
This is hands down the best drug I have taken for my OCD.  The first dose had a dramatic impact on me.  I take 50mgs one hour before bed and I sleep a solid 9 to 10 hours eveynight.   Got up the next and had so much energy that I was looking for something to do while on vacation.  This drug is awesome!!!
This is week 1 on Diethylpropion and I have more energy than ever! I feel less hungry and I am drinking more water. I can tell this is going to be a great jump start for me!  
I was given oxycontin after morphine tablets didn 't do much for the pain I was in. 90mg SR morphine and topped up with oramorph throughout the day. Then transferred onto oxycontin which was prescribed for me in a 40+20mg dose of slow release and topped up with the liquid form for through the day, but when I needed a repeat prescription I was told that I wouldn 't be given any more. Even though I had taken these for over two months and the morphine for the four months previously. After reading some of the articles I shouldn 't have been taken off these straight away. So much for being professional doctors or just wanting to save money over patients welfare..
Clonidine for high blood pressure works great but causes severe constipation.My doctor did not help.I tried this last night and it was a lifesaver. I had been in so much pain that I was considering an er visit.
Love it. I go twice a week to my son 's football practice at the &quot;sneezy park&quot; (as I call it).  No symptoms at all. Some drowsiness. 
I suffered from Pseudofolliculitis behind my head for years and by chance I got Augmentin from Libya without any prescription. In Europe all the doctors that I consulted could not find solution for this problem so one day I just worked into a pharmacy in Libya and showed it to the Doctor in charge of the pharmacy who adviced me to take Augmentin. I was a bit hesitant but before my returning date (after 5 days) I noticed that all the bumps are drying.and now I 'm very proud of my head.
After five days post op, I still couldn 't go to the bathroom. I drank half last night and nothing happened. I drank the other half in the morning and 30 minutes later it kicked in!!  It works and will clear you out. Just stay close to a toilet. Because  every time you think you 're done, you 're not!  And drink plenty of water or risk dehydration.
I 'm a 43 Year-old male who had been experiencing the classic symptoms of &quot;low T&quot; for about 4 years. I didn 't believe when my mother told me that men go through &quot;the change&quot; as well. Well, we do. And it is just as debilitating. I inject 200 mg/mL testosterone cypionate every two weeks after a level in the 120 's in my blood test. I used to be a (natural) bodybuilder and always felt that I must have very high testosterone because of the ease and size of my gains in size and strength. Other guys would ask if I was on steroids. My point is that this condition can happen to any man. It began at around 39 with me and I do not believe I 'm unique.
I know it 's hard not freaking out, but guys try to calm down and wait for the effect of the pill. On august 6th my condom broke and I came inside my girl without notice it. After the accident in an hour and a half she took the pill (Aftera), and all we could do was waiting. It were the longest days of my life because we just meet, and also she has a very irregular periods, not having even menstrual cycle over the last three months. However, after ten days and some moderate side effects she got her period. That really relieved me, and I am pretty sure the pill worked its job. I found this site during my anxious time, and reading these reviews helped me not to get out of my mind. Always use condom!
I had a total hysterectomy when I was 28.  I started on Premarin for a few years and then changed to the Vivelle patch for the last 8 years with no side effects.  But I was also on the lower doses 0.25 and just recently went up to 0.75.
This medicine was given to me at hospital after my car accident. It worked great, except it made me nauseated and I vomited after a large dose. Works really well.
I love this medicine! I was first on 10mg and had something very bad happen so my doctor gave me 20mg. I really did not have any side effects until I started taking 20mg, I got the worst night sweats and couldn 't sleep. So my doctor took me off cold turkey. Please if you decide to go off this medicine, please taper off. I went crazy, really I did. I felt like screaming, I 'm so dizzy, can 't sleep and I feel like I 'm having a break down. And the brain zaps are so bad. Like I said this medicine made me feel like a new person and I wish I could stay on it but those night sweats. So now I 'm going to try Pristiq, wish me luck I start tomorrow.
I 'm a 27 year old male who uses Fentanyl for chronic pain, and as a result, my testosterone dropped to 178.  Aside from the obvious sexual dysfunctions from having low testosterone, I was constantly BURNING UP hot all the time, even with the AC down to 64 degrees!  These hot flashes stopped within a week of me starting treatment, and my sexual functions improved dramatically.  After a month my testosterone was 544, better, but still not where I 'd like it, so I 'm going to ask for the 7.5mg dose.  I also have type 1 diabetes with insulin resistance, and the Androgel definitely helped the insulin resistance.This medicine looks and smells just like hand sanitizer and is very easy to use.  The fumes can be pretty strong, but I got used to it.
Haven 't had a problem have been on warfarin for 10 years now.
suffering from ME/CFS for over 25 yrs; morphine is ONLY med that decreased pain to tolerable level; take 75mg 3xday with 10mg statex(also morphine) for &quot;breakout&quot;pain; impossible to &quot;forget&quot; a dose; as the pain lets you know within an hour;1maj. side eff.constipation;controlled by250mg/magnesium 4xday
I completely rely on Imitrex. Once I had this the day-long headaches are gone. I now know that what I used to call &quot;sinus headaches&quot; were migraines I had since a teenager, though not bad until into my 40s. My side effects are a little sleepiness and maybe some tiredness, but nothing compared to the debilitation of a migraine. However I am much more aggressive with eliminating triggers, particularly MSG and processed foods, and this helps. My better diet has reduced my need for Imitrex down to 2-3 times a month.
I was diagnosed with RA in 1987. Terrible pain and loss of motion. After taking all available meds on the market including the biologics, which were of no help at all, my Dr prescribed Arava. I take 20 mg per day plus two Azulfidine pills per day. Now my pain level is virtually 0. I have been on this regimen for 11 years. No side effects, however, I am diligent about regular blood work which would  show any significant liver damage or other serious conditions. So far, so good. Arava has been my miracle drug.
It happened last day before my period. Technically it 's impossible to get pregnant in that period of the cycle, however every person is unique and may be a lot of exceptions. I took the pill ~40h after as I hoped period to start itself. After 24h felt nausea and was afraid that my body rejected it. Nevertheless, my period started 5 days later. I assume its delay was reasoned by the cold I got that month earlier and medicine I cured myself and eventually by that huge dose of hormone the morning pill consists of. The next period came right on time regarding the new cycle.Insist on using condoms!
I love this I 've been taking these 2 weeks now and lost 12pounds :)
I 'm 38 and have acne since 13. I have tried everything and finally a few years ago, just decided to live with it. I had a spot on my forehead that never seems to clear up, so the dermatologist put me on this and my acne has cleared up, similar to the results I had years ago from being on birth control pills. Although my acne is cleared up, the spot I was concerned about hasn 't changed, and next dermatologist appointment I 'll have to have it biopsied. The only side effect is that I have more hair loss than what I consider normal in a day. My Dermatologist had a $25 coupon for the prescription. Otherwise even with insurance it is very expensive. 
I 'm 32,5 '7,and female and had a begining weight of 250lbs. I just started my third month of Qsymia and I am down 33lbs. I have put myself on a calorie restricted diet of 1200 calories a day and I work out 3-4 times a week. The pills do help with my hunger and cravings.At first diet soda 's tasted really bad and I had episodes of facial and hand numbness and tingling but those are the only side effects I 've experienced. This all in all has helped me tremendously do what I couldn 't do on my own. Some of my motivation to stick to it also it the cost. At $150 a month I can 't afford to mess this up.
I have been taking the Gianvi for about a year now. The first three months I felt fine, once in a blue moon I would experience nausea. But after the first three months my body was completely used to it. It was my first birth control I 've ever taken. My gyno recommended it to me because she herself had been taking it for 12 years. So I trusted her opinion completely and I 'm glad I did. While taking Gianvi gained 6 pounds. I needed it though and it all went to my breasts and bottom. I have grown a full cup size and my bottom looks good. Nothing went to my waist or face. My sex drive has severely gone down though, and I cry at the drop of a dime. Both developed after taking this, but I 'm willing to work on these things for myself.
I 'm 18 yrs old and I started taking this after the first time I had sex, overall this proscription has proven to be so accurate but I am very big on taking it every day at almost the exact same time(30 mins off but never more than that) And I did notice when I first got on it my sex drive went down and I had been really moody. Things that wouldn 't normally get to me did but not 6 months in everything is getting regular. Very, very effective!
I LOVE LITHIUM!  Was terrified to try it but no side effects. No weight gain as I have not been depressed and staring at the wall in a fetal position unable to move.  If I take it, it prevents mania (can tell when I forget) and depression.  Drink more water - I try to drink 60 ounces a day and sweat more but no other side effects but I make sure to exercise usually 30 minutes a day. Got bad news that should have thrown me into depression but since on lithium was able to talk normally, work out a solution, and function - THANKS LITHIUM.
This medication has worked great for my son!  Family history of ADHD and possibly bi-polar.  Recently noticed my son has been talking in his sleep.  Nothing to worry about but just an obvious side effect.  2nd week in on 18 mg.  This is the 2nd time we have tried the Strattera and it seems to be a very effective medication for focus and concentration, helping the anxiety and frustrations.  He also has quite a long list of differences like dyslexia, ADHD and dyspraxia which contribute to a slight depression.  The Strattera seems to help with everything including the impulsivity.  Depression seems to fade and life goes on.  Just wanted to make note for anyone that may be interested or taking this medication that talking in sleep is a side effect.
Ive had the paragraud in for 3 months and so far i love it . I was on the implanon prior to this nd i didnt have a good experince with it after a year and a half i took it out and switched to the paragraud. I had stopped getting periods and with the paragraud am getting my period regularly again, there heavier than am used to but nothing too bad another side affect is the cramps there occissional but i nothing i cant tolerate. It does not interfere at all with mine and my partners sex life . So far i have nothing bad to say i would choose this non-hormonal method with no doubt.
I had two babies back to back.  I started at 136LBs. I 'm 5 '5&quot; . When i delivered i was 200LBs. Breastfeeding didn 't help. I was walking everyday and staying active. No weight loss. A year later i got pregnant again and gained another 25 pounds.  That made me 90 pounds more than i was pre-pregnany. Absolutely nothing worked. I couldn 't even shed a pound. At my 6 week Dr visit i actually managed to gain another 10 pounds. I breastfed my 2nd baby for 8 months and decided its enough. I had to lose the weight. Mind you, i was walking, staying active, eating right and yet nothing seemed to help. My Dr suggested i stop nursing and get on Contrave. Best, best, best decision ever!!!!! In 3 months i have already lost over 30 pounds and feel great!
I 've always sweat a lot, and it 's super embarrassing. I couldn 't wear light coloured shirts because I 'd have giant pit stains, and after a few wears, the shirts would become stained yellow and were basically ruined. It was awful, and I was so self-conscious ALL the time. I 've tried every brand of extra strength antiperspirants, and though some work better than others, none worked well enough for me. This works wonders for me. I don 't sweat anymore! Something I never thought I 'd be able to say. Drysol has been a total life changer for me, and now I 'm happy to buy clothing again! I couldn 't recommend this product enough. It 's wonderful!
I love it. It hasn 't bothered me in any way. I don 't feel it, don 't have to remember everyday, easy to remove and insert. I have migraines and this hasn 't aggravated them like the Ortho Tri-Cyclen did. No bothersome side effects for me.
I 'm doing just fine, but then again I have a high tolerance for most things.  Also, would much rather have a little burning than blindness.
I 've suffered with heavy periods for the past couple of years. I wanted to make sure that I considered all options before choosing surgery. This medication is great, but has some side effects. For me, I have headaches and diarrhea while on this medication and a few days after my cycle has ended. I also found that my cycle last longer when I take this medication. At this point, I 've opted to contend with 2 days of heavy bleeding and with a cycle that last 4-5 days, as opposed to taking the medication with extended periods, headaches and diarrhea; that could last 8-9 days. The plus/pro of the medication is that my periods are lighter when I am taking the medication, however it stays on much longer.
WellbutrinXL 150mg for 3 weeks. This medication has changed my life. Went to PMC to renew Ritalin prescription after Adult ADD diagnosis. Family history of depression, PSTD (combat-related). Personal history of adolescent drug and alcohol abuse (nothing hard). Held a firm belief depression could be &quot;powered through&quot;. Apparently depression has set in at 33, which I treated with Adderral and Ritalin. My drinking got so heavy I fell and suffered a serious concussion. Doctor denied my Ritalin script and prescribed Wellbutrin. Had side effects: severe bloating, headache, pressured speech. All gone. Energy is sky high, focus is on point, and weight is down. Can 't say enough about this medication. Hope it stays this amazing forever.
DONT LET THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS SCARE YOU! I would never tell someone not to do something with their body that may or may not work for them. I used ortho tricyclen for three years and it was great but I started to get really terrible at taking my pills on time so I did my research, read crazy reviews and finally took the plunge and got Skyla. Insertion was horrible for me because I have a retroverted uterus (which I find out at the insertion appointment) so the normal pain of insertion was amplified.. however, once it was in I only had some mild cramping and I was good to go. I 've had it for a month now and although my period cramps are the worst they 've ever been, I think Skyla is worth it.
Dealing with chronic pain is never easy. I 've tried Mobic but it led to stomach bleeding. I 've tried vicoprofen but it made me swell and ache even more. Have used Vicodin but of course tolerance resulted. I now find that Lortab and Lorcet work great. I only need to take 2 a day for real relief. The only other combination I used that worked was Vioxx once a day and Vicodin 2x a day. Wish they hadn 't taken Vioxx off the market.
Its the only thing that works for me!
I 've been taking Microgestin for almost 5 years as birth control and have been incredibly pleased by it. There seem to be a lot of negative reviews for this BC but I have had a completely positive experience. My period went from being heavy with INCREDIBLY painful cramps to a more or less non-existent period (I get slight spotting about 2 days into the no-dose pills for a day and that 's it!) and best yet, NO CRAMPS! I will also say, that reading all the negative reviews made me really nervous before taking this, but I have had no other medical changes besides the decrease in awful periods!
The medicine has given my mother a new lease on life. After trying many medicines, Humira has given her better mobility and alot of less pain [she refers to it as discomfort or stiffness] .  Also, kudos to the company for recently my mother had trouble with the pharmacy and when she contacted the company they arranged for her to received it through a pharmacy in another town and delivered to her by UPS. They took care of everything for her. Thanks on her behalf.
This medication really does work. I am on my second round of Adipex (generic). The first time I took it I was 297pounds.  I lost 30 pounds in 12 weeks with no exercise at all. I ate what I wanted although I did not have much of an appetite at all. I ate 3 small meals and two snacks daily.  I did make sure to drink at least 6 glasses of water per day and I drank a protein drink in the morning. My energy level was great. However, when it was time to be off of the medication, some of the weight came back. It is important to exercise and reduce calories while not on the drug in order to maintain the weight loss. My suggestion would be to start healthier habits while on the medication. It will help in the long run.
My 14 year old son has been taking Ritalin for a year now. He is so much under control now. An excellent student in school. A huge change from before.
I take 50 mg. Of trazadone each night and usually have little to no awakenings throughout the night.  I sleep 8 hours and wake fully rested. I 'very had no side effects and would definitely recommend this medication to anyone having problems with sleep.
Have gotten excellent results with this med.  It takes three days to kick in, but it has killed a sinus infection in both 2015 and 2016. I have allergies so have more problems than most in getting the infection to go completely away. I have not had the digestive issues nor any other side effects that I have with other meds like zpack (I still take yogart daily to keep good bacteria in the digestive tract).It seems to not have the issue with antibiotic resistance that zpack and some of the things more commonly prescribed can cause.
It helps if taken as prescribed. I 'm always in pain but it manages my pain level to a tolerable degree.
Amazing drug. After trying everything for a week to get rid of the worst yeast infection of my life, I was prescribed Diflucan. Within 15 minutes, no lie, yeast started dumping from my body. Kinda gross but that 's what was making me feel so horrible and frustrated had waited a few days after Monastat didn 't work. But word to the wise, drink lots of water after you take this; there so many toxins that get released into your body when yeast dies off, especially that fast. I drank a lot of water and didn 't experience side effects or headaches with this med.
I 've been on this birth control for about 5 months and I have no major complaints. I was on Lo Loestrin FE for 6 months prior but unfortunately had to switch because it was too expensive. The only thing I 've noticed is that I get very emotional over tiny things unlike when I was on Lo Loestrin. My period is extremely regular. (Always comes on the first day of the placebo pill week, very light and only for about 3-4 days.) Also cleared up my skin big time and no weight gain at all. (I 've actually lost 7 pounds since being on BC and have had very little change in my eating patterns and physical activity.) Would 've given it a 10 if it weren 't for the mood swings.
Hi guys so on September 18(last day of my period) I had sex with my boyfriend, the condom got stucked in me and he already ejaculated.He didn 't know until he asked me where the condom was. I freaked out. I found it inside me, took it out and then decided to useplan b. Because from what I know, sperms can live up to 5 days and September 23rd was supposed to be my ovulation day. I took plan b 40mins later and after that I starting having headache,cramps but still I was stressed out. September 25th (my bday actually )before going to school I had cramps, I took Advil because it was too much. Next thing u know I got my period again (twice in a month). I feel relieved now and it actually worked for me .So girls just used it at the right time.
I am amazed with the mental effects of Niacin. OK, I started taking it 5 weeks ago to lower my high cholesterol and Tryclicerides off the chart!!! I have been having energy like I had 20 years ago, positive attitude, motivated and I have been on every TCA and SSRI and SNRI and none worked. I feel 25 years younger. My fibro and arthritis is less noticeable, and after a heart attack 3 years ago and 3 stents put in, from December till June, I was having heart palpitations every day that concerned me. After a few days of 1gram of Niacin, for 3 weeks, not ONE heart palpitation whatsoever... This stuff is GREAT!!!!
I started it a few days ago. It helps me stay focused and less anxious in public situations.
I started using Symbicort and after the very first dose I noticed I didn 't have any breathing problems.  Before Symbicort, I was using my albuterol inhaler 4  times per day.  After Symbicort, I have not used it, although I carry it for emergencies.  
I had C.diff. I am allegic to vancomycin and can 't take metronidazole because of a medication I take so my doctor prescribed Diffen for C diff and it cured my C diff in a few days,
I 'm hesitant to say that it saved my life, its doing an amazing job! After being on it for about two months, I eat and sleep better than I had done in my entire life! I even have the energy and the mood to exercise! I love it and the feeling it gives me!
Citalopram has given me my life back. I was nervous, panicky, overwhelmed by thoughts, feeling vulnerable, at times even agrophobic and like I couldn 't cope.  Now I would describe myself as fairly confident, happy and self-assured. I still have some bad days but generally Citalopram has made all the difference.  I have also had therapy and joined classes such as confidence building and positivity. These classes have also made a significant difference to me. No real side effects from citalopram either, except dry mouth and feeling thirsty - which really isn 't a problem.
The only thing that truly works for idiopathic insomnia and chronic/childhood-onset insomnia. Take it 1 hour b4 bed. The most optimal dosage for chronic insomnia is 15mg, the effects halves by doubling it to 30mg and also halves by reducing it to 7.5mg, although some people may find 7.5mg optimal for long-term tapering.
I have been taking Asacol for my UC for 6 years now. I strongly recommend taking it 3 times a day (I take 3 pills, 3x per day), it is better to have a higher frequency of the drug in your system. I haven 't had a flare in 3 years, it is has provided great results.
I didn 't mind my acne too much, but it got really annoying when my parents were complaining about it over time. I tried to reduce the amount of acne. I 've tried several over the counter products, some worked, some didn 't. Sadly, I did have an increased breakout after using Ortho Tri-Cyclen. Then I went to my doctor. First, I 've tried Clindoxyl, then Benzoyl peroxide (0.1%/2.5% w/w). Worked fine, but results did not last too long. Then I was on tetracycline for a few months. It worked, for awhile, then I had an increased breakout.Finally, I got on Accutane. I was really reluctant to be on Accutane because of its side effects, especially when my doctor highlighted suicidal thoughts, and decreased night vision. But after four months, I 'm currently happy with the results!
Great difference in impulse control.
Follow up to my previous review 4/12 I recently began taking the 8 mg. injections and have used 1 every other day for the past 10 days. The pain, nausea and distension had destroyed my quality of life. I was unable to eat more than a few bites of food at a time. I have had FANTASTIC results with this medicine. It works within 10 minutes or less following injection,causes almost NO side effects except a slight cramping sometimes so effective I can feel the movement starting right away. I am continuing to use this every other day, to me this is truly a miracle.
I have Bipolar I with some psychotic episodes in the past. I used to be on Abilify, but I had weight gain and shaking of my hands. Saphris has been wonderful for me. I used to take Ambien because I couldn 't sleep, but with Saphris I fall asleep within 10-15 minutes. I only take 5mg at night. I don 't take it in the morning because of how sleepy it makes me. I 've also tried 10mg at night and that worked well too. As for the flavor, I have to have the black cherry. I couldn 't stand the original, mint, I think it was. I feel great and would definitely recommend it.
This medication is a miracle drug.  My 4yr old daughter had a rash that nothing could cure then 2 days after using this cream, I saw an amazing difference.  She has extremely dry skin in the winter which she scratches to the point of bleeding sometimes, but not anymore. At the first sign of dry/irritated skin, I apply this cream and it works like magic. Also used it on a rash I developed on my legs and the same thing. The itching stops almost immediately. This cream is a staple in our medicine cabinet.
Having tried 8 different pills, plus Implanon (implant), I can finally say I found a pill that works for me. It 's changed my life. Sounds dramatic but it 's true - before, no matter which pill, I was experiencing excruciating cramps, back aches, mood swings and very heavy bleeding for at least 6 days. Lo Lo Estrin Fe has changed all that. I don 't have a period at all which doesn 't worry me. I 'm happy not to go through that pain every month. Now I have a few small signals that I would normally be having my period (slight back ache, slightly more emotional) Overall I 'm really happy with it. I think it 's down to the dosage level - the very low amount of estrogen works really well for me. 2 years and counting!
You will likely have pain because you are constipated and pushing backed up stuff through. I 've taken these for almost four years straight and they work. They do cause cramping so don 't plan on not having any discomfort.  Depending on your pain tolerance is going to determine if they are right for you. Good luck
Xolair is life-changing. I was diagnosed with severe allergic asthma 35 years ago.  While I still take regular maintenance medicines in addition to a steroid inhaler, Xolair had allowed me to give up my nebulizer and has turned of the allergic rhinitis faucet in my head.  At the time of my last injection I was wheezing slightly (residual symptoms from a three week battle with bronchitis).  Within 15 minutes of the injection the wheezing had stopped and I was breathing easier. I 've taken Xolair since 2005 without any adverse reaction.  My symptoms are better controlled with Xolair than at any time in my life.  Truly a miracle.
I first took Adipex in July of 2010 for 30 days. I cut out everything white out of my diet. Drank plenty water and lost approximately 13lbs without exercise. I chose not to continue taking the medication and started an exercise regimen where I lost an additional 7lbs. Found myself at a plateau and felt like I wasn 't losing anymore. December 13, 2010 started taking the medication again while continuing exercise regimen and now have lost a total of 28lbs. Made a lifestyle change with proper eating, no fried foods, grilled chicken, fish, beef, lots of veggies, yogurt, fruit and plenty of water. I feel wonderful. Started out in a size 22w and as of Jan. 10, 2011 was able to get into a size 16. WHOHOOOOOO! Macy 's size 12-14 here I come!
I have been getting several cold sores a year and I am not lucky enough to feel that first tingle. I wake up with a full blown blister! I 've tried Abreva and several over the counter remedies with no luck. I finally asked my Dr for something stronger and they prescribed Valtrex. I had no luck with that either.I woke up on a Monday with a huge cold sore blister and took my Valtrex as prescribed with no luck. I saw my Dr again and asked for Denavir because I saw great reviews online. I applied it on Thursday to a very huge, and disgusting, blister every 2 hours as directed and by Sunday the cold sore was gone!! Normally it takes me almost 2 full weeks to get rid of one. This is truly my miracle product! However, it is ridiculously expansive.
I was on the pill for 4 years and I had extreme anxiety and headaches. I switched to nuvaring and feel great. A lot less headaches, no anxiety. I haven 't gained any weight that I 've noticed, my sex drive is still very high. I might be a little more snippy, and I have had issues with yeast infections. It 's only been two months so I 'm gonna keep watching my weight and will update shortly.
Great medicine for weigh loss and helps control your appettite. No major side effects aside from really dry mouth and some constipation nothing serious. First two weeks lost 6 lbs now starting my first full month taking two pills a day. My cost was only 50 bucks...which my insurance covered some of the cost and I also used the savings card you can get online.
Well I only been on oxycodone for a month now. A few years ago I had got shot in my leg, I went through a lot of pain. I 've tried different pain medicines and I can say this works the best for me. Its a strong medicine that works.
I have used both Temovate and the generic Clobetasol for the treatment of poison ivy. Both were equally effective. Over the counter meds-ointments such as caladryl and cortisone did nothing to relieve the itching and misery, however, as soon as applying temovate or clobetasol to the affected areas, the itching was relieved  and greatly reduced almost immediately. Within a day, the blisters were dried up and within 2 days everything cleared up. This is experience with these topical steroids over the past 30 years. Nothing else has ever worked, and I tried everything including over the counter ointments, lotions and Aveeno baths.
I have had back pain for 10 years. Tried many medications with no help with the pain unless it knocked me out for days or hours then feeling impaired not able to function properly or think right! Just when I was about to go on disability my Doctor said lets try one last thing and that is Tramadol/acetaminophen. Wow it really works for my pain. I can function think work and be pain free. It 's been 3 months now and I have not missed one day of work and I even managed to loose some weight for I have energy and able to do SO much more!
This medication was a life changer for me. After struggling with debilitating depression and anxiety and trying several SSRIs my pdoc did a gene test which uncovered that my body doesn 't tolerate SSRIs, So he put me on trintellix which is an atypical antidepressant. I finally started feeling the light at the end of the tunnel. I started with 10 mg upped to 20mg . I am so grateful for my doctor for thinking outside the box and get me on the road to recovery. The first few weeks I did experience severe GERD and even took a PPI for it. But after a few weeks it thankfully subsided. I started to see improvement after 8 weeks.
I 've been taking Chateal for almost 6 months and it 's been pretty great. I 've had no complications or side effects. I take it within a two hour frame every morning and my period comes on schedule every month. Other birth control I 've taken gave me breakthrough bleeding for 2+ weeks but Chateal keeps me regular.
I have been taking Savella for 2 years now. I was giving this medication for my migraines and it has worked on both my migraines and fibromyalgia. I don 't like paying so much for it but it is worth.
I decided to share my experience, because when I first read the reviews, they almost scared me into not taking them. I was prescribed 500mg, twice a day, for seven days. I completed day two today. After taking the first pill, the discharge decreased dramatically, and the smell was completely eliminated. On day two, the discharge was completely gone. I have had no side effects whatsoever. The reviews scared me so bad that I seriously considered not even taking them. I am not used to taking medicine other than Motrin. I drink less than once a year, so I 'm not sure if that played a part in the lack of side effects or not. I am going to complete the seven day treatment,  but it 's just day two, and all of my symptoms are gone.
Only ten days and I am a new man. I have had zero weight gain. I don 't eat everything I see. Racing thoughts are gone. I feel super light. I have energy like never before. I don 't procrastinate simple tasks. I don 't snap at people. I am way more active and do things that I want. I don 't do anything self destructive. Anxiety gone. I am 28 and I didn 't have a clue I was bipolar till 8 months ago. I feel like I just woke up and everyone around me can 't believe how extremely different I am. I love my new life. I take this with Lithobid. Did I mention how awesome life is.
Was prescribed lortab for alot of dental work that I 'm having and I found that it really took care of the severe pain of abcessed teeth and it worked so fast. No real side effects except for dry mouth, and constipation; both taken care of with staying hydrated.
I received the nexplanon implant on March 29, 2015 and Yesterday marked my first full month being on Nexplanon, so far it has not been a &quot;terrible&quot; or extreme experience. I did not have intense brusing or swelling when it was put in, it didn 't hurt at all it was much like a bee sting. I have a small dot like pink scar, I have yet to have my period in the entire month. No spotting, no intense mood swings just one or two so far but I can feel them coming on. Some small pimples on my face but not severe acne. Not much weight gain although I have lost about 3 pounds. One or two intense headaches but Advil can fix that. So far I would suggest nexplanon to anyone looking for an effective easy solution. Don 't let all the other reviews scare you.
Switched from Adderall to Vyvanse because I was experiencing negative side effects. Even on the smallest dose of Adderall I was anxious, had trouble with public speaking, and would have pretty bad mood swings. On Vyvanse I finally feel like a  'normal ' person. My mom noticed a difference on the first day, and I no longer feel hopeless and discouraged while doing school work.
Used it after my appendicitis and it worked wonderfully.
I was diagnosed with an anxiety disorder (comorbid to my ADHD) back in 2012, and had since been to CBT and was prescribed with multiple antidepressants for it since. However both these medications (Strattera &amp; Zoloft) caused chronic fatigue that led me to stop the medication.Enter Celexa, prescribed end of 2016, I was at the time suffering from the regular hypochondria and other obsessions. I was apprehensive of the expected side effects but I am glad to report that to this day side effects are minimal. Yes, I have noticed a small difference in my working memory (decrease) and dreams (very vivid), but I believe the pros greatly outweigh the cons! Celexa has helped me feel normal again and empowered me, and would recommend 100%
I have been using the patch for 6 years now, I have only been off once ( I buy it when I 'm in Mexico since is $100 at USA and I can get 1 month for $35-40 ) So one time I ran out and had to be off for 2 months. Over all I love it, easy to remember, no side effects, haven 't got pregnant in 6 years I have been married. My periods since I am on it are regular and I know exactly when is coming. Before it they used to be long and heavy, with a lot of cramps, now they last 3-4 days max with only 1-2 days of regular bleeding and the rest is light. I only get 1 day of cramps (the heaviest day) and I get sensitive (not sore) and heavy boobs before my period comes.When I did came off I was so sensitive, I had sore boobs and my body was crazy.
I remember this from when I was a child. I suffered from eczema, very severely in the scalp and on my arms. No shampoo helped, until an old beautician told my mom about it. It was wonderful and I only used this for years. I 've grown out of my eczema, so as an adult I 'd forgotten it until 2000 when I went natural. My scalp still hates shampoo, and I never use it. One day I really wanted to wash my hair but I was out of both acv, and kaolin. I didn 't really feel like bothering with it and wished I cld just &quot;buy&quot; some darn shampoo and be done. Aha!! I remembered the name of this shampoo from my youth and actually found that they still make it; AND sell it! I cldn 't believe it! It still works. My scalp thanks the lovely makers of Sebulex shampoo.
It has done great for me. I used to &quot;bite my kids ' heads off&quot; in the mornings and startle a lot easier, for examples. I can also take it in small doses at a time to keep from sleeping all day from the side effects.
I have been on Saxenda since about the middle of May, down 30lbs and I follow a 1800 calorie diet. I have been very lucky as I have not had many side effects. little nausea for a few weeks and when I upped to the 3mg dose I was exhausted for a couple weeks. They have both seem to have subsided now though. This is a great tool to learn how to eat properly and listen to your body. It does curb appetite but some of it will return, but just remember that because you are hungry doesn 't mean you have to eat. As with all weight loss you have to teach yourself proper eating techniques. If you want this drug to work you cant be eating scrap all day and expect results. I definitely recommend this to people who have a hard time saying &quot;no&quot; to food lol
In terms of solving my hormone imbalance (I had low estrogen due to previous weight loss) this didn 't jump start me, but it did make me feel a lot better. My mood increased, my libido increased, my non existent breasts actually fit into an A cup, less vaginal dryness. I was happy. Until my doctor thought it 'd be best to up my dosage. It was probably the worst mistake ever. I have one more medication to try before she lets me back onto Lo Loestrin. I 'm honestly praying the new medicine doesn 't work because I 've been miserable since stopping.
I 'm 58 years old, exercise regularly and have not been able to loose any weight at all on my own in years and actually started gaining.  My Dr. Prescribed Belviq.  I 've been on Belviq for 4 days, I 've lost 5 pounds!  Amazing!  I have had no side effects whatsoever, except that the first night, I had terrible dreams, so now  I only take this drug once a day in the morning, and it 's working!  I need to loose 50 pounds, and I weighed under 200 when I started.  I walk 3 miles, 3 times a week and I went to an 1100 calorie diet every day.  I am very strict on my calories.  Lots of fruit, protein, and veggies (which I hate)  but the weight is coming off and I 'm very encouraged.   I will continue till I 'm at my goal weight.
I have  been using AndroGel for almost 6 months.  Then, I had a Testosterone reading of 45.  Now, I am over 700 and feel much better about many things, including sex drive and desire as well as general outlook on life.  I do have VERY tender nipples and find that somewhat annoying, but I am hoping that will subside.
The best thing there ever was, the only thing that works for twin brother and I.
My doctor gave me this medication to take to stabilize my mood... it worked wonders for me!
I never get constipated.  I usually poop at least twice per day, so when I woke up yesterday and felt like I had to poop, but could not get it out, no matter how hard I pushed, I soon enough found myself in an immense amount of pain and discomfort. I ate oatmeal, a whole bag of frozen spinach doused in butter, and drank herbal tea, to no avail.  After finding the helpful reviews on this board, I asked my fianc&eacute;e to pick up some MoM for me, on his way home today.  I took 4tbs at about 8:00pm and at around 10:30pm, I was finally able to poop!  I 've had a few explosive diarrheas since, but at this point, I do NOT care, it just felt so good to go!  MoM tastes pretty vile, but it works!
I 've been on for a week. I 've never felt better, I 've had an on and off fast heart beat and arrhythmia for 15 years, been checked multiple times for by heart doctor, always came back negative. I haven 't felt this good since I was a kid, no more fast heart beat, no more chest pain or tightness, I feel relaxed and normal, a little thirsty but that 's it.
Was able to lift me out of a severe Postpartum depression.
I have had the Mirena for about 4 and a half years now I got it at my 6 week appointment after my son was born. I have always been blessed with super light cycles lasting maybe 3 days with no cramping, bloating things of that nature and even now I don 't have one at all just a little spotting randomly. My weight has been cool and my skin, I 'm a hairstylist so my hair is in great condition. I had 2 of my 3 sisters had the Mirena. One made hers come out and got pregnant and the other had to take hers out due to thyroid issues being a heavy smoker and just poor health. I have not got pregnant so I recommend it.
On this for BPD and possible bipolar and anxiety helped my anxiety a lot after lorazepam and haliperidol stopped working. Its a great medicine, saved my life. I take 25mg three times a day also helped with my anger and evened out my mood since Depakote and lamotrigine wasn 't working alone but I still take these hunger issues were a problem at first but Depakote causes bad hunger too but glad to say its no longer a problem BUT they just don 't knock me out even with the Valium I take you 'd think I would just crash but nope 3-4am every day I fall asleep even though I take the pill at 8pm!!
I began taking Qsymia in January of this year and have lost 82 pounds. The first 2 months were plagued by very intense side effects; almost every single one that the medication lists. I experienced irrational mood swings, irritability, anger, depression, tingling/numbness in my hands and feet, issues with vision (very mild), back pain (which improved with an increase of water intake), intense insomnia (which my endocrinologist ended up putting me on Ambien to aid with), cotton mouth/change of taste, and constipation (in the later months of taking it). The cost of Qsymia is a negative and so are the multiple side effects, but after leveling off after a month or so of experiencing them and following a low carb diet, it has been worth it!
I have been using Chantix for 2 months.  I have stopped smoking and have had no ill-effects.  However, I will not be buying the 3rd month supply as I find your packaging incredibly difficult to open!  I have arthritis and pushing out the pills through the heavy cardboard is almost impossible for me.  I wish you would re-think your packaging as I am afraid that I might begin to smoke again if I don 't complete at least the 3-month program.
Dr. Prescribed several antidepressants before trying Viibryd. Major difference once I was in a routine. Took care of about 90% of my depression/anxiety. Been on it for four plus years.
Our 88 year mother, a non smoker, was diagnosed in November 2014 after having been breathless for 3 months. Tests showed Tarceva should be prescribed. She had a chest drain in place for 4 months while her  'magic pill ' started working. Her side effects were a nasty red itchy rash on her face, broken skin on her finger tips, hair and on going weight loss. Numerous body scans, MRI and bone scans have shown no cancer anywhere else, just a vast reduction in size of the original tumor within the lining of her left lung.
My Dr. gave me a sample to try as  I have gained 100lbs in the last 3 years with no reason as to why. So I started taking the injections on a low dose it lasted a little over 1 week and I lost 9 to 10 pounds. I can not get my insurance to cover and I can not afford it without help. My Dr. gave me 2 more samples trying to encourage the weight loss so far 22lbs of weight but I ran out last week we have begged and pleaded for the insurance to cover but no luck. I think this would be cheaper than Gastric Bypass surgery as the Dr. said would be my next course if I cant lose the weight. 
I 've tried several types of birth control/contraceptives and this is by far the best. In the past I have had insane mood swings, random periods that last for months, serious weight gain, headaches/nausea, extremely low sex drive, etc. Since I started taking this I feel like a normal person again. I 'm not randomly mean to my boyfriend, I want to sleep with him too. I have noticed that since I 've started taking this pill (I 'm on my 3rd month) I 've been able to lose weight a little bit easier, unlike the last pill I took. I will continue taking this. 
One week on Zoloft, no more bad dreams and nightmares.I can 't remember last time I slept so well.I feel little better with my anxiety and this gives me hope.
I am 35yrs. Old and have had severe fibromyalgia, trigeminal neuralgia, migraines and chronic fatigue. I had been suffering since my early 20 's. Tried everything and backed it up with research. Nothing made the pain tolerable enough. Nucynta 100mg. E. R. 2x. A day gives me 24hr. Pain control when taken with 100mg. Of tramadol. Found the doctor who prescribed it just a year ago. I was a ball of pain on my couch, could not work, actually....I had no life. My doctor is conducting trials in using this for fibromyalgia. 97% success. I had forgotten what a body not riddled with chronic pain felt like. He is a pioneer and trying to get this medication to those who need it to function. It was difficult to get approved. I have a life!
I have had no (huge) problems on this BC. I was worried after doing so much research and reading so many bad reviews, but decided to give it a try anyway: I am glad I did. I got it put in about 2 months ago and have had no spotting, weight gain, or loss of sex drive. I got my period right when I was supposed to a month after it was inserted and it lasted the normal 5 days: no heavy bleeding. The only thing that did happen was an initial breakout on my chin for a couple weeks and my hair seems to get oily a day after I wash it, but oh well. I have dealt with anxiety and slight depression in the past and it almost feels like Nexplanon mellowed my hormones out. No mood swings, no anger fits, no overreactions. So far so good!
Accutane changed my life and I promised myself that I will share my experience with the world if this worked for me and yes it did! After I had my baby and even before, I had chronic cystic acne all over my face. I couldn%u2019t bear to look in the mirror. My face will hurt from just touching it. I had used every thing you could think of until one day, while in my doctor%u2019s office, I read about Accutane. My doctor advised to talk to my dermatologist, which I did and here I am 8 months later with POSITIVE results.Accutane really worked for me. Yes there were side effects but for me it was tolerable. Now I can look people straight in the eye without feeling ashamed of how I look. My gynecologist even commented on how my skin looks. Everyone has been asking what I did because I have this sudden glow. Try ACCUTANE because it works!
I lacked the intrinsic factor to absorb Vitamin B12 from food since I was in my 30s. I was diagnosed with breast cancer 2x and now am age 55 I increasingly find that I am dependent on the b12 for energy, mood and weight maintenance. I can tell when my levels are low without a calendar as this usually occurs about 3-5 days before the end of the month when I am do for my shot.
I have suffered from major depression since childhood and have had fibromyalgia since 2000.  I 've tried Effexor, Paxil, Elavil, Zoloft, Lexapro, Wellbutrin, Nortriptyline, Prozac and on and on. All made my depression worse and left me so tired I couldn 't function.  I promised her that I wouldn 't quit taking it because of side effects and without talking to her first.  Three weeks I had had it but my husband kept encouraging me and my doctor was out of town. 5th week all the side effects (super, super fatigue, dizziness, nausea, stomach cramps, yawning, no appetite) have disappeared and I feel fabulous emotionally and physically. Give it time if you 've had little success with other antidepressants.  This one worked for me.
Ladies, first and foremost stop freaking out. I too was panicking like crazy until I got on here and read most of these reviews. So I had unprotected sex late one night during the time I should be ovulating. I took the pill about 55 hours after the fact and didn 't experience any side effects except my face breaking out bad from the huge dosage of hormones and received my period a week later (one week earlier than I normally would 've gotten it). I 've never been so happy to get my period. Just take it within the 72 hours and don 't stress, let it do its thing.
my husband had been haveing multiple hospitalizations 9 in 10 months once on a respirator for copd excallabrations his pulmanolagist put him on daliresp  and i must say i am  very impressed he has not had a flare up in 3 months and his breathing is seeming to stabilize , he does get headaches. but it is something that as he says he is willing to deal with if it means a more normal life
I 've been on this pill for over 2 months now and I absolutely love it. I used to be on lo loestrin for almost a year and had the worst experience with it. After switching to Sprintec I no longer spotted between periods, got my period on time, got my sex drive back and no more mood swings. I feel great and have nothing but positive things to say about it!
Post Wisdom Tooth Extraction- infection in bone in jaw (ouch!). My face was up like a balloon- these nasty tasting pills took swelling down in 8 hours and pain gone completely in 24hrs. Miracle pills for me. Dentist wanted to give me amoxicillin which I am allergic to as sensitve to most drugs. These pills make me tired a little, but in my health I have not felt this good for years- have a feeling they might be treating an underlying nasty such as a yeast infection that was making me feel rubbish. One up side of a tooth extraction.
I had sex with my boyfriend and the condom broke, didn 't realize it until he fisished. We freaked out an bought plan b within the hour of us having sex. I didn 't have many side effects until about a week later. My breasts were tender and had cramps. I was tired most of the time. 2 weeks past and today I got my period. The pill worked! Just don 't stress out. I tried not to. I came on here just to read the reviews so I felt better. I was also not on the pill, and I am going to be soon. I 'm not a very sexual person and I wasn 't thinking straight. I have definitely learned my lesson. DON 'T STRESS PIT THINGS WILL BE OKAY!
I have been taking coumadin for 21 years, since I had an aortic valve replacement.
Luvox is fantastic - My Dr put me on it first up, I didn 't try any other medicines, and I 've been on it for over a year now, and have happily lived almost symptom free. The only thing is when I miss it one or two nights I become a bit of a mess, crying and feeling anxious. Also, I 'm starting to feel a bit of depression which is odd for me, but I think it will just be a matter of lowering the dose - It was so bad I was on 300mg and 2mg of Risperidone, but now down to 300mg Luvox only, but perhaps should try going down to 200mg to see if the motivation comes back.
My life has almost completely turned around.... in the best ways possible. Other medicines never did anything good or just nothing at all and they just kept upping the doses on me.  Then they started me on this crazy expensive medicine and I tell you it 's just amazing! It is totally worth it.... my social life is back.... I have my friends back.... and close family members. Well it feels like I 'm loved again and there 's nothing really to think and think and think over and over and over again anymore, and sleeping is good again. I can sleep and not worry or think. Just totally worth it. 
I didn 't realize how bad my anxiety was until I started taking citalopram (and found relief).  I had never taken any antidepressant and I started off with a TINY amount..5 mg in the morning for the first three days.  I got a bad headache, which went away after a couple of days.  I then increased to 10mg... then 20.  I ended up at 40mg daily and have been on that for a little over a year.  I am currently in the process of decreasing my dose.  I dropped down to 30 mg  for two weeks and I am noticing my irritation and anxiety increasing.  My goal had been to get to 20mg but I am not sure I 'll be able to do that, due to the increased feelings of anxiety.  All in all I have found this medicine to be a HUGE help with very few side effects.
It took me 14 hours . Hurt quite bit as large lump was stuck in the rectum. Once this piece came out everything was cleared. In my opinion magnesium citrate made the the price little bit soft to and helped pass ., but there excreting pain while first pass and stomach cramps were very bad. I also took doculax so I do not know what caused the cramps
I am an 80 year old female who hardly ever gets ill.  The only medication that I take is Vitoryn and my cholestrol is way below 200.  Last week I caught a chill and I felt it go thrhough my body. The next day I experienced what felt like a cronic nasal drip.  I literally seemed to cough my brains out.  As it worked out, I had a non-related appointment with my doctor.  She spotted an upper respiratory inflamation and suggested Hydromet.  Within 10 minutes I was a new person.  No side effects..just great sleeping.
I contiued smoking while taking the starter week pack.  By the 4th day, it was like sucking on a straw.  I got no more pleasure from smoking, but I still wanted to smoke.  The only side effect was very vivid dreams.  I quit smoking when I started the 2nd week of Chantix.  I did crave cigarettes for the first 3 days.  Day 3 was very, very tough.  I was a miserable person to be around.  Day 4 brought NO cravings.  Side effects were vivid dreams of people I knew 20 years ago (pre-cigarettes??), foggy headed-ness, and the normal healing discomfort.  I finished the second week as perscribed even though I didn 't feel the need for the drug.  The 3rd week, I took half a pill, morning and night.  The 4th week, half a pill in the morning. Smoke-free!
After trying percocet and time released morphine for chronic back pain, methadone was the only pain reliever that lasted for any length of time, but now my pain management clinic closed in 4/14/2010 and I 'm trying to find a pain clinic(doctor) that is not afraid to prescribe methadone.
I have been using tegretol for 6 months , 200 mg a day two times. Before this I started with abylify and it did not help me. I feel much more normal than before and I don 't feel like I am going up or down anymore. But  I think one of the most important thing is also not using alcohol and sleeping 8 hours a day.
after Beta Blockers failed to work, and made me gain 20 lbs in 90 days. Dr then tried Verapamil , While that did work better not 100%.  After a 6 months , Then became allergic to it. Rare side effect.  Then Dr put me  on Cartia XT, after a day or 2 , I felt alot better.  Cartia XT is really is controlling my PVCs from Left Vertical, 8 months going now and no side effects yet. Works better than Verapamil for me.
works very well to treat dry eyes. The out of pocket (and list-) price for 5 ml, 0.5% is outrageous $95/240. In Canada you get a list price for that same medicine (Lotemax 0.5%) of $ 109 for 15 ml (1/6 th)! Who 's pocketing the difference?
I 've taken 1 capsule 200mg, no cough for hours, slept all night
I 'very been on Lialda since diagnoses nearly 10 years ago. I started with 2xday and progressed to 4x day about 4 years ago. A month ago I had a bad flare and am not on 6x day for a couple days + casana (sp?) Which is essentially the same drug only in suppository. It 's already working to clear up my flare, but I 'm experiencing acne and jumbled thoughts. Can 't wait to drop the suppository once this is under control, hopefully I 'm 1-2 wks. I don 't know how &quot;Iowa&quot; cured themselves with diet -- I tried that and Lialda seriously changed my life.
Good sleep with minimal side effects. It has been many, many years since I have slept this good. Insurance does not want to pay because there are newer, better medications out there. Not so, for me.
I have severe cracked skin on my hands.  I 've tried many different products - my skin is extremely sensitive.  This product helps heal my skin, does not sting and is not greasy (important when using for hands).  This is the best product I 've found for my condition, but it is hard to find - my drugstore can 't even order it for me anymore.
I had YI for about 5 days before I took Monistat 1, my home remedies weren 't working. I inserted the egg at around 1 and now 3.5 hours later I 've experienced no burning, mild itching (this was directly after applying the cream so I don 't recommend that part). I have a feeling my symptoms will be gone by tomorrow morning. I did go to the bathroom about an hour after inserting the egg and a lot of the medicine came out so be wary. Panty liners will catch the other stuff if you 're active (I 'm at work). I would recommend only if you KNOW you have a YI, the burning (I think) is caused by other infections. Make sure to wash any clothes/sheets after your YI is gone so it doesn 't come back.
I 'm very happy with Seasonique.  I had my tubes tied about a year and a half ago after the birth of my 3rd son.  I have very bad PMS and very painful ovulation.  I could not take being miserable 3 weeks out of the month any more so my doctor put me on Seasonique.  I found that my face is clearer and my appetite less. Only down side is lack of sex drive. I get like that no matter what pill I 'm on.  I 'm looking forward less periods a year.
I 'm using this medication in conjunction with Effexor XR, clonazepam, and Vyvanse to help sleep and to help with my as-of-yet depression that hasn 't responded to medicines. It knocks me OUT, but I can force myself to do things (not complicated) before I actually need to sleep. Haven 't been on it long enough to assess it as far as depression.I guess we 'll see.
Lithium has worked very well for me for many years. No adverse affects. 
This works great.
Have been on Victoza for 5 days, have noticed drop in blood sugars gone from 9-12 to 7-8 only on 0.6 dose. Also taking Actos. Haven 't heard of anyone taking Actos with Victoza. Would like to hear from some people who are. Have noticed extreme fullness. Have been eating 1 meal a day most days and this may be causing the low blood sugars, so I am trying to snack a bit.
I have had two heart attacks (one never knew I 'd had).  The second one did know about it and taking 10mg Ramipril as well as other drugs as preventative measure to further cardiac events.  I never had high BP, but now it 's too low according to some professionals, and normal to others 110/60.  Downside: I have to be careful when standing too quickly, if I look up I can lose my balance, I sweat more, I have constant dry mouth, and need to hydrate more.  I can 't seem to get a good night 's sleep am constantly waking and fidgeting, I have developed tinnitus, biggest down side through lack of sleep I can 't wake up and feel drugged when I do.  Upside: Most of these side effects are documented so I put up with them as the opposite is unthinkable.
I 've been on a low dose, 25mg for about 3 weeks, then upped it to 50mg then will go to 100mg in 14 days.  I think this will be sufficient as it is working already and my moods are great, still able to feel stress and recognize the importance of that.  But, I am very forgetful of little details, which is irritating at work because of course it affects my project output.  It was fine with the lower dose so I 'll ride it out and see how I adjust.  Other than that, I love it, it has helped me with a major crisis and was able to keep it together.  Thank you!
I 've only been using this medication (patch) for a month but the positive effects it has had on me are spectacular.It has eased my discomfort and confusion. I have experienced no side effects at all.
Took it after two heart operations six years ago. Worked great. 
Ive never written a review about bc. I 've been using Nuva ring for 2 months now and I 'm enjoying it. I think I 've found the right method that works for me and my body. I was nervous about it because I still have not found anything wrong. This might just be the one! I was on the pill before and I definitely felt the side effects...I was hungry all the time, breakouts, moodiness and depression...and weight gain. With the Nuva ring my weight has been stable (I did start a workout/diet plan so this may be the reason why I haven 't gained any weight. No moodiness, no nausea, no headaches. I don 't feel it during sex neither does my partner. Very easy process. The only thing I 've noticed is that my libido has decreased significantly!
Ok thanks I am 69 walk every day 4 months ago walking stopped due to  sciaticaToday 5/15/2017  I was prescribed 20mg prednisone 2x daily Took 1st dose 8 hrs ago and the sciatica will finally start to heal so l can walk Barbara J Dawes
It 's working great for me but it is quite pricey.
I been on prolia for 2.5 yearsJust this last one I have noticed more pain in my arm. Going on 2 weeks. Other than that I have had no problem prior.  I will continue taking it as long as I can afford it.
I loved it !!
It totally helped me out. I took for 4 months, it really helps.
I have dealt with bacterial vaginitis for more than 4 years. This is the only medication that I 've ever tried other than Flagyl. I like it better because I did not have the metallic taste in my mouth and the pills are coated so you can 't taste them. I did not have any side effects whatsoever and all of my symptoms had ceased in 2 days but I finished the full 2 pills a day for 5 days treatment. I also took Diflucan along with the medication just in case it would 've caused a yeast infection.
I was diagnosed with narcolepsy at 18 years old, I have been taking Dexedrine for a little over a year now. I recommend using Dexedrine because it does a great job of keeping you awake without the nasty side effects that other medicines bring, like Adderall. Dexedrine has really changed my life, I am able to confidently drive and good at work without having to worry about falling asleep. I really wish I had this in High School. For all the younger people out there with narcolepsy ask your doctor to put you on Dexedrine, it 's less expensive than Adderall and Vyvanse (Vyvanse didn 't work for me I fell asleep several times on it). The side effects I find with it is sometimes it gives me mood swings, most of the time its a feeling of optimism.
I too found this hidden away on the bottom shelf. Why?! The nurse at my orthopedics office told me about it when I was there for knee pain. I was afraid to take it because I thought I would be up all night going to the bathroom. That didn 't happen, but what did happen was it helped the pain go away. Works much better than plain acetaminophen.
I was diagnosed with IBS-D almost 40 yrs ago. I 've suffered and suffered all my life. About 10 yes ago I  'discovered ' immodium which helped some for several years. I 'd been taking it plus Bentyl for the past year but it seldom helped. I read about cholestyramine in forums, I already knew I had gallstones. So  light bulb went off in my head and I realized my problem was likely bile acid malabsorbtion, at last for the past 5 yrs or longer. An awesome Physicians Assistant at  nearby clinic read up about it and gave me a prescription for it. Saved my damn life I tell ya! There 's 42 full scoop doses in a canister, which costs $35 (I don 't have ins). But I only need to take 1/3-1/4 scoop a s day and some days I can even skip a dose. A lifesaver!!
Contracted genital HSV a few years ago, and put up with the outbreaks for a while (mostly in denial of everything) hoping they would just go away. After multiple tests coming back negative (even tests from an uncrusted sore), I finally saw the right Dr., and finally showed positive. Dr. put me on Valtrex and I never looked back. No outbreaks since, and no noticeable side effects. Anyone with HSV knows of the stigma and fear of having to live with this. Valtrex is a lifesaver!!!
I am a 38 year old female who has lupus, asthma, and chronic bronchitis. After 2 months of violent coughing fits at night I was prescribed Tussionex Pennkinetic. The coughing ceased immediately, as did the pain, and I could finally breathe! It did cause itching, strong drowsiness (a plus because I was sleep deprived) and dry mouth, but it was absolutely worth it.
I 've had the Paragard for 7 years now. Insertion was EXTREMELY painful. I had to take the rest of the week off. The IUD has been very effective as my husband and I are very sexually active and I have never gotten pregnant. I have two friends that got it and removed it. I have considered removing it for the entire seven years. I have ten day periods and they are abnormally heavy. I have to take medication during my cycles to help control the bleeding and the medication is very expensive. The only reason I haven 't pulled it out is the fact that I don 't know a better option for me because I never could remember to take my pill.
I suffer day, night, evening, whenever it strikes with restless legs syndrome. I can 't even sit through a movie at the theater anymore, but with the help of tramadol I can. It has made life so much easier. I don 't like the sleepy side effects but compared with fidgety legs its a no brainer.
Our 16 year old son was diagnosed with Bipolar and placed on many medicines that made him worse. Once he started on Lamictal, he is making wonderful progress, having clearer thinking and more stable moods. He stated that the medicine is really helping him. He has been on this medicine for several months at a low dosage and we are seeing our son come back!
Have been getting monthly Lupron 7.5 mg injections since July 2014 (just had my 8th injection). No hot flashes; some mood swings and I recently started having arm and leg cramps a few times a week. Taking Casodex 50 mg daily as well, so it 's hard to know which to blame. PSA was 205 when I started these meds and is now 0.03. I believe the complete lack of hot flashes may be due to receiving the monthly vs 3 or 6-month injection dose. I hope this information helps others.
Great help with anxiety and insomnia.  Had no side effects.
My Dr. retired &amp; his replacement stopped 5 of my drugs (all now prescribed by specialists). However, Premarin was stopped for 1one anda half months. Two weeks later, 40 hot flashes a day began. I felt like I was going to die. Finally, an endocrinologist re-prescribed Premarin but only 1/2 the dose I had taken for 32 years (since 40). Hot flashes are still outrageous. All my sisters have osteoporosis, but not me (I took HRT).  In the time it was stopped, I lost weight, lost 1&quot; in height, about 20% of my hair, and I 'm so tempted to order it online without a prescription so I can take the other half of my regular dose. Desperate people do desperate things.
It is the only insulin that gives me instant results (within 5 minutes).
My starting weight was 285lbs. After a 3 months, I am 245lbs. I take 37.5mg in the morning and 15mg around 2pm. I will admit that in the beginning I was not eating as healthy as I should have been. Now I don 't crave the sugar and fats that I used to. My once favorite food, Philly cheesesteaks, are only mildly appetizing to me. I have to remind myself to eat during the day. The only problem is that if I stay up too late I do start to crave junk food, carbs mostly.
I had the Synvisc 1 over a year ago in my left knee, I work 12 hour days and am on my feet a lot. I am still satisfied with the results.
Sharing my experience on this medication because of how afraid I was to take it, in hopes that I can help someone in a similar situation. I have had diagnosed depression and anxiety for years and have tried all different medications to no avail until Lexapro which has helped the most with my depression, but never really touched my anxiety. The problem is that lately the Lexapro seemed to not be working as well despite dosage increases months back, and I had absolutely ZERO sex-drive, which was really affecting my relationship. I just started Wellbutrin (XR) and it has already proved life-changing in just a little over a WEEK. I feel SO much better. Way more motivation, energy &amp; it 's helped my anxiety which was unexpected! Good luck!
Amaryl has worked for me beautifully.
Before I was on Lutera- I was on Lo Loestin FE (which was awful!- I would bleed literally two weeks out of the month, had no sex drive and gained 10 lbs). After switching to Lutera, which I have been on for a month now, my mood swings have been consistent (even though I cried when a dog commercial came on), I have actually lost weight, there is no break through bleeding, and my sex drive is back to normal, AND this is covered a 100% by my insurance. Also, no bad side effects such as acne, stomach pain, or severe discomfort in any form. The only thing is my boobs swell up a little bit, but no complaints there.  This is such a great pill! I would definitely recommend this to anyone wanting to start a new BC or wanting to switch.
Best medication ever! I started taking it at 9 weeks after loosing 10lbs I 'm on my 17 wks and tried to stop it for one day to limit the use but the nausea is still going So I guess I 'll keep using this medication because is the only thing that seems to help. 100% with only 2 tablets at night
I was addicted to all forms of drugs for 9 years, but my main problem was with the opiates; pain pills, heroin, even opium occasionally. It was seriously ruining my life and was creating more and more problems every day. When I turned 20 I knew I had to make a change or else face death or jail. I was put on Suboxone 8mg 2x a day and my world went from very dark to something that was manageable. Within weeks I was a totally different person, even enrolling to get my high school diploma (I had dropped out in 10th grade). I have been on Suboxone for almost two years and people always tell me that I am just unrecognizable compared to who I was a couple of years ago. I 've been slowly weaning down and I am now at one 8mg pill a day. It was a blessing!
I have been using Levemir for 3 1/2 weeks.  My fasting blood sugar went from 208 to 123 and I have lost 9 lbs.  It is very easy to use.  Feel better than I have in over a year!
At the beginning I had stomach pain, however, after a few weeks it went away.  Feel great now!
I have been on a bunch of different pills trying to find one that actually worked for me. Previous to this my experiences were heavy periods, terrible cramps, headaches, weight gain, constant spotting, 2 week long periods, anxiety which I never had before going on the pill. I did some research and found that apri contained a different type of estrogen and asked my doctor if I could try it. I 'm so glad I did it 's been 2 years and all I get is a headache around the time my period is due. I have pretty normal periods and they actually stop when they are supposed to. I get a little spotting the week after but I can deal with it. It normally lasts an hour and goes away.
I have been on Belviq for a month now, and I have lost 10 pounds!! My clothes are starting to feel lose. And I love it!! Belviq does make me sleepy and I have dry mouth... But hey that makes me drink more water all day. It is pricey but worth it. I will update by my third month.
I just wanted to add my experience with Nexplanon because there are a lot of negative reviews up here that really worried me when I read them right after I got it inserted. I 'm 19 and I got my implant in January 2017, got my period a week or so later for about 4 days, and haven 't had it since. At first this concerned me a little but it 's really just a signal that the hormones are working. I experienced no weight gain and no acne troubles either. I 'm not sure if this is relevant but I feel as though I can attribute my lack in side effects from getting the implant directly off of 2+ years of birth control pills. I did experience minor changes in mood a few weeks after insertion, but I have been feel completely normal since then.
I have just about menopausal symtom listed and it makes my life extremely difficult. Sweats, mood changes, muscle pains, depression, general irritability, you name it, I have it.I was on Angeliq for 2 months and felt tremendous relief after 15 days. I did a BP checkup once and had a slightly increased BP (140/100), got afraid and stopped (BP could have gone up for 1000 various reasons, right).All the symptoms came vack within 5 days, with vengeance. I have been consuming large amounts of soy, macca powder, linseed oil, as well as started raw food diet. Nothing helped, not even a slight bit.I decided to go back on Angeliq as soon as possible, my checkup is OKReally helpful medication
Our 6-yr-old daughter has been on this for 6 months.  At first we also thought it was a miracle drug. Her handwriting improved tremendously, her attention span was great, etc., however, it did wear off around 3 PM and we were in for a horrible evening every night.  We tried a booster of 10 mg of methylphenidate at 3 PM but that has just brought out oppositional-defiant disorder.  We now are about to try Concerta.  I definitely would recommend Metadate CD, though, because for the most part it gave us back our daughter.
I have bought this medicine for the first time. For the first two weeks of taking it I had bad dreams, a little nausea but after 2 weeks my body (or mind?:) somehow got used to it and side effects disappeared. This medicine is really powerful. After 1 month I started to truely hate the smell of cigarettes. Now I am in the last week of prescribed course and still free from smoking.
Those that first get Mirena should not be discouraged. In the first few hours, I experienced menstrual-like cramps. Then, I spotted for a straight two months! But, eventually, the spotting stopped and I 've only spotted for a couple of day in months and months afterwords. I 've had Mirena for almost a year and it 's been a blessing knowing I 'm protected and never have to worry about dates and times and  'did I take my pill today? '
I have been taking Ferrous Sulfate for more than a year now. Something of surprise to me is I used to have Restless Legs Syndrome but now I do not have it anymore. I take ferrous sulfate 3 times a day.
I tried this one night, and it didn 't do much.  I have struggled with insomnia off and on for 30 years.  I then took a 20 mg. dose, and it really helped.  I woke up refreshed. If it continues to work like this, I will be very satisfied.
I have found that Metrogel works wonders for me. It made a difference the first time I applied it! (Applied at night, woke up in the morning with noticeably clearer skin.)It is recommended to use it twice a day but I just apply it once, at night (because it causes a filmy layer over the skin and I wouldn 't want to go out in public like that!) and that seems to be enough for me.
I have been on 300mg of Invokana for over 2 years and happy to say no bad side affects.  In the first 8 mths I lost approx 35 pounds from 270 to 235 with walking and trying to eat the right foods but not a perfect diet.  My A1C dropped from 8.7 to 6.4 the first 6 mths. I think the weight loss and loss of appetite helped to lower the A1C as much as the medication.  But, who cares? I think my body is getting immune to it because I seem to be at a level where I 'm no longer improving but I am holding at these levels which are much better than where I started.  I also take 2000 of metformin a day along with 2000 mg of cinnamon but these along with glipizide wasn 't enough.  Thanks to the Invokana I 'm in a much better healthy condition.
Okay, So if your on here freaking out like I was.... stop. Seriously! Okay so me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex while I was fertile, he did pull out but pre cum is just as effective. So I freaked out, and bought plan b one step and took it 21 hours later. I felt nothing. No spotting, just my boobs were sore and I was tired and moody. I was expected to ovulate around that time too so that just made it worse, since it 's less effective if you take it after ovulation. So soon enough I got my period the day before I was supposed to get it! My cramps are worse than usual, but it 's better than being 18 and pregnant. Learn from this experience! But chances are your fine, so relax and go order some dominos cause plan b will do its job
I 've been taking Ambien (10mg) off and on for years. It tends to stop working if I start taking it too often, so I have to take breaks from it periodically. That 's the only negative thing I have to say about it. When it works, it works perfectly and I 've experienced no side effects.
I have been told I had IBS in the ER. The doctor said MOM is very gentle if I got constipated and I do from time to time. So after feeling bloated and bound up I took the 2 Tbsp dose and waited...well in an hour I was almost running to the throne and every 15 minutes after for an hour. It does as advertised. 
I have had hyperhidrosis since the 6th or 7th grade and it really is one of the worst things that you can have when you are trying to have a social life. I started hypercare 3 days ago and it works like magic. Like many others was stuck to wearing black and white Ts and tank tops. Not anymore. The first day I got it I wore grey. Not a sweat mark at all. The only downside is that the pain of it is horrible, because it burns so bad. I 'm only on my third day and I hope that it starts to lessen soon but other than that, it truly is a blessing.
I had Irritable bowel syndrome for about 7 or 8 years. Then I got pregnant back in 2007 and haven 't had it since. In March of 2008 I had to have my gall bladder removed. About a month after that, I couldn 't eat without getting sick. Sometimes it was so bad. I went to my doctor and he wanted me on the Librax (generic) and it 's been a life saver. Even when I had IBS I couldn 't eat the way I can now.
I had acne breakout since I was 13 and I started the medicine at the age or 23. In the six month process I had 10 mg to 50 mg intake which gradually was increased per month by my dermatologist...I would advise to take the medicine in guidelines of a doctor as he will help to minimize the side effects of the drug also will fix the maximum dose depending on the condition of the skin....I myself don 't have any side effects at all only dry lips...But a good lip balm helped me through
This is the greatest solution to a problem that I have dealt with for years . This product has all the benefits of a steroid without the baggage of what Steroids cause . I highly recommend people trying this . It comes in a 60g tube which is the size of a tube toothpaste. Thank you Pfizer for this great product. Yes it cost me only $35.00
I 'd been drinking for years and it got very heavy on the last two years and worse so in the last 6 months. I failed with antabuse and doctor switched me just this week to this drug. It 's been amazing. I went for a few social beers which were planned but I couldn 't be bothered with drinking. I would normally have drank until I blacked out but I barely had any urge to drink anything. I had beers in the fridge and normally I would have drank them also after getting home, I woke up they were untouched and I just poured them down the sink. It works!!
I was 18 when I used this. The only problem I had with it was emotional side effects. Bear in mind every birth control affects everyone differently. However I didn 't even realize how bad it was getting until my boyfriend and I almost broke up because I was freaking out and over reacting to everything. It was awful. Oh and my breasts got bigger. But that was a positive thing. I loved the NuvaRing because it was convenient. I switched from an IUD so I didn 't want something that I had to take all the time like the pill (like most women). I didn 't have any physical cramps or spotting and I left it in during sex and it never came out. Very useful. I don 't recommend you skip your period with this. It makes the emotional issues worse.
I 've only been on this medication for 2 weeks now but it has changed my life. I have lived with chronic migraines since my entire life..since I was 18 months old. I have lived with daily headaches and almost daily migraines for the past 10 years and it has taken over my life. Since starting Topamax, I have had 2-3 manageable headaches and I have my life back! It has even taken away chronic fibromyalgia and arthritis pain, given me back my ability to sleep soundly for hours at a time, and has gotten me out of a daily triptan habit that almost caused a stroke a few weeks ago. The side effects (brain fog, drowsiness, etc) are nothing new for me given I have fibromyalgia. A life without pain is worth it to me! What a miracle!!
I received an injection into my finger knuckle the first time I experienced debilitating osteoarthritis.  Within 24 hours the swelling was almost completely reduced and my use of hands was back to normal for about 6 months.  I am hoping a second treatment will be just as helpful.   Also, I am finding the same problems in my other hand now. 
I 've only been on my first month of this patch. But I hope my review will still help. I usually put it on my butt-cheek and alternate sides each week.The first week was fine, the skin around it after taking off was kind of irritating, but that was no big deal.Second week, nothing unusual happened, my sex drive increased, but I would wake up in the middle of the night for some reason.The third week was the worst week though, I had mood swing, light cramps and anxiety.This fourth week, It 'll be my off week, I hope my period comes normally (since I have been having abnormal cycle for the past 2 years)So far, I am satisfied with Ortho Evra. I am usually forgetful, changing it every week is very convenient!
I have only been on this pill for week, and I feel as if I 'm not even on b.c. at all. I feel no change which is welcome after dealing with ortho tri cyclen lo for several years. With that pill if I missed a pill or started later than a week after the last set of pills, it made me feel like crap. This pill, I haven 't felt anything since starting it. And that 's awesome.
I have used Anora for about a year now have no problems at I also use symbicort twice in the morning and twice at night and no problems. Anoro is very good. I have tried spiriva but it did not work too well I will stick with Anora.
Brand name: had no side effects and had 100% effectiveness on bladder control.
I was on Loestrin for 4 years and then it changed to Minestrin. I skip my period every month due to my horrible cramps and no pill seems to help with them. My gynecologist suggest to me that I should skip my period. I switched to Chateal because after years of Loestrin/Minestrin, I think it stopped working properly. I was spotting and cramping and even tried to get my period and that was a mistake. Chateal has been wonderful so far. I am almost on my third month and I haven 't had any issues. My cramping is gone and there has been no spotting at all. I haven 't noticed any mood swings or any other side effects some people say they have. I haven 't had any weight gain and I feel like my acne actually has gotten better. I rarely break out now.
This medicine work. I was on phentermine 37.5mg for three months, during that time I was starting to really lose the weight starting at 290 and ended up at 262 at the end of three months. Trouble is due to the laws of Ohio I am limited to just three months. I know if I had been allowed to continue I would have lost far more. I have a bad back - three operations, both knees are bone on bone. My left arm has painful arthritis, So exercise is very painful if not impossible for me. I do not over eat, do not eat sweets, do not drink sodas. I &quot;need&quot; this to increase my metabolism, I do not over eat. I am now back on it.
It 's amazing. First the redness goes away then no more itching.
I love this medicine! I have never experienced break through bleeding and have been on it for a year and a half now.  I had tried everything before this, generic birth control (made me emotionally crazy), the Nuvaring (could never remember to put it back in and it bothered him), Mirena (the wire bothered him) -- finally found this after all that and it 's all about me -- NO PERIODS!  NO CRAMPING.  NO MESS.  Life, normal... everyday.
Before Lexapro I was on Adderall witch I abused with drinking and resulted in alcohol poisoning and Atrial Fibulation (irregular heartbeat) after this  incident my anxiety went through the roof and I feared to drink or take another medication again. I had multiple times where I would go to the emergency room thinking I was having a heart attack and each time they told me it was anxiety. That&rsquo;s when my doctor recommended lexapro. It does take some time for your body to get used to but once it did my anxiety was almost gone! You just need to let your body get used to it and find the right dose for you. I have been on it for almost a year now and I still get a little anxious but haven&rsquo;t had any panic attacks.
I have been on pain meds for a very long time. (13 years) from an injury at work.  I used to take (after years) 5 Oxycontin 8 mg tablets per day which was fine until they changed the formula.  They don 't really help any longer.  I have 4 herniated discs in neck and after 3 surgeries it still is not healed or healed correctly.  My neck injury causes me severe headaches as well.  I am now on 30 mg Roxicodone which is wonderful for all my pain ailments however it has to be a certain brand.  If I don 't have the correct brand I will get physically nauseous.  I must be allergic to something the manufacturer puts in it.  The ones that do work for me have saved my life.  I am able to function with pain relief.  My opinion they work the best.
the past several winters the tips of some of my toes turned black and were ice cold , but would return to normal when the weather warmed up. I had tests done at a vascular specialist and had some diminshed circulation to my feet but nothing that required any type of surgery . I was prescribed Nefedipine and within a week or two my toes returned to normal and my feet were much warmer . I only take this drug during the colder months
Smoker for 35 years,  Took Chantix for one month....8 years come this september as a non-smoker....Thank-you Chantix
Very good for urinary symptoms.
I started the phentermine tabs after I witnessed my aunt 's results. I had 2 kids within 1.5 yrs gained 70lbs with my first lost 50lbs then found out I was pregnant again, gained 70 more lbs on top of the 20lbs so I 'm up 90lbs. I tried everything, and many shakes. I went to my MD July 12th weighed 232lbs had my blood work done and EKG everything was a go started the next morning July 13, 2013 today is July 17, 2013 and I 'm already down to 224.8, 7.2lbs in 4 days.  I was jittery for about an hour the first day I took the pill but it went away quickly. Dry mouth I cure with water. I love the energy, I 'm not tired when I get off work. Play with my kids, watch my late night T.V. shows and wake up refreshed. Can 't wait to see my 3mth results.
I just had my first injection both knees a few days ago. When I came home from the clinic, I ran down to the basement to get something and noticed right away my knees felt better. I had really bothersome aching in my knees at night, that is gone. So far, I am very impressed.
I started on Stribilid on 17th Jan 2014, my Viral Load was 150k. After 4 weeks I 'm undetectable. I 've had little side effects at all. I take the pill at lunch, all seems to be working (really) well so far. I quit drinking to help the meds work best they can and to improve adherence but by the looks of things this regimen is doing well for lots of people which is great to see. Kidney and liver all good too!
I 'm on my third week of Sprintec 28 and haven 't had a single negative side effect. I started using it on the first day of my period which also happened to be a Sunday (lucky me). I love it! As long as there 's no side effects and nothing changes then I 'm staying on this pill forever. The only thing I noticed is that there was still light bleeding even after my period ended but nothing big.No headaches, nausea, vomit, mood swings, cramps, stomach pain, breast tenderness/pain or anything!It depends on the person, you can 't just judge it based on the reviews because I was scared to try it. I read so many horrible reviews but I gave it a shot and I am pain free.
Cymbalta is the best med I have ever taken for my panic attacks and depression.  It has fixed my mood and is very tolerable.
I was one of the first to go on Harvoni following FDA approval. I did 12 weeks from Dec 2014 to Feb 2015. Only mild tiredness nothing else while taking it. Have been clear since..  I was diagnosed in 1997 and did not want the treatments at that time or until Harvoni came on the scene. I believe I had it many years before being diagnoses and the blood count kept rising as the years went by. Glad I played the waiting game
I have used Prevacid before and it does work well
This is the second time I have used this product and the first time was a breeze, I popped it in over night and the next morning woke up feeling fresh as a daisy but this time I tried something a little different; instead of using it over night I used it during the day. ( I don 't suggest doing this) maybe and hour after application intense burning and stinging occurred but I took a really hot bath and after put a cold cloth on it and it began feeling better. Don 't let the scary side affects turn you away, I began feeling better in a couple hours and the YI goes away a lot quicker. I 'd rather have a couple hours burning and itching rather than days!
I 've had issues with acne since around middle school and have literally tried everything from different topical creams to antibiotics. Unfortunately antibiotics were not a safe long term fix so I initially started taking Beyaz and was on that bc for about 4 months. My acne did not improve that significantly so my dermo switched me to Ortho Tricyclen about 3 months ago. I think that you should be aware that your acne will probably get a little worse before it gets better. I had a horrible break out like 2 months in and I got super frustated but now my acne is so much better on my face and chest so I think it 's working! I have also been taking spironolactone as well.
I take Diovan daily with Norvasc 5mg.  I have had no issues with either medicine.  I have had no issues with edema either, which is a relief.
I have had psoriasis since I was 16 years old, covering over 90% of my body. I am a woman of 53 now, I have used creams, to no avail. I have been on Humira injections for about 18 months and I am clear and was actually able to wear a bathing suit to the beach this year with no signs anywhere of psoriasis.  It has truly changed my life and my outlook.  I am after all these years finally clear, normal.  I don 't have to hide myself with long sleeves and long pants year round, answer those awkward questions and looks from strangers. Truly a wonderful medication. No side effects as of yet, not looking for any this far along in treatment. The shot does tend to be a bit painful, through the few moments of pain, I receive clear skin.
After three weeks of suffering, tried Singulair and within 45 minutes started feeling good again. It stopped my post nasal drip. No sides effects yet. This is my fifth day using it.
I was on the edge of hypothyroidism but not fully diagnosed cause my TSH wasn 't considered high enough to be classified but had most of the symptoms so I was given the low dose of a thyroid medication I was so sick, I ended up in the ER with a horrible migraine and throwing up for 14 hrs. My dr. switched me to Tirosint same dose as before and I have no side effects. I am finally feeling human I am not so tired, I am more alert and focused, my TSH level has gone to a much better level.
I would get dressed in the morning and by the time I was heading out the door to go to school or work I 'd have to change my shirt because of the sweat that was dripping from my armpits. I just became accustomed to bringing a sweater everywhere and wearing loose fitting clothes. I started using this medication and the next day (which happened to be a 95 degree day) I was so surprised/happy to have no sweat running down my arms. The first night I used it I applied it to my armpits that had been shaved in the morning, it stung/itch but I stuck it out. I now apply it every other day and just shave my armpits every other day. It doesn 't itch/sting at all. I recommend this to everyone.
I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in April of 2011. After numerous visits with my doctor and exploratoy scopes, my gastroenterologist prescribed Asacol last September(2012) and he gave me a discount card to use when I initially filled my prescription for Asacol, so the monthly precirptions have been FREE! Since taking Asacol on a regular basis, my last scope revealed that ALL of my ulcertations have healed! Thank you, Asacol! You 've changed my life!
I agree with Rebecca. So far no pregnancy, and I hope it continues but I have been on the pill for 10 months and my period is still messed up. I 've been on it for over a week now. It 'll come a week early then a couple days later. I was really moody, but it 's gotten better. I was going to switch birth control methods but am very relieved that someone else is having the same problem.
The ONLY medicine that has resulted in my numbers being normal after many years on Lipitor-Niacin regimen. Added Zetia to the mix every night.  Effects - light-headed and loose stools in mornings every day. Small price to pay for good health, but, yes, BIG price for the medicine.
I have been on this pill for 2 months. I don 't have cramps anymore. Thank goodness! My appetite is smaller. Breasts have stayed the same size and thats fine by me. My period is now 6-7 days (used to be 3-4 days when I wasn 't on birth control). No babies though. I do notice that I get more headaches. Im not sure if its from the pill because I 've been more active and the sun in FL is strong.
Only put on Victoza yesterday for my insulin resistance at o.6. In only two injections sugar level 's have fallen from high 200 's-low 300 's to low 100 's. No vomiting. Doctor now lowering my Lantus from 265 units twice a day to 150 twice a day, and Humalog from 120 units per day to 20 units three times a day while I wait for insurance company to approve pump. It would be cheaper on them and give me a better quality of life. Willing to put up with any side effect 's for these numbers. 
I have taken Enbrel for 17 years - since I was 30.  I would not be a functioning individual without it.  I have not had psoriasis since I started taking it, either.  I know this sounds too good to be true, but it is my miracle drug.  I 've never had any side effects or problems.  I am currently on the Sureclick but have also had to fill syringe needle and inject.  If you let medicine warm alittle, it doesn 't burn as bad.
I bought this pouduct as a &quot;cleansing&quot;. I drank the complete bottle (10oz) and an hour later I felt nauseous and bloated. It wasn 't until a total of 7hrs after drinking this, my relief came. I feel lighter and a whole lot better. The results outweigh the burned out bum.
I have had problems with acne all my life. I tried everything from creams, gels, pills and even Accutane.  Accutane was extremely harsh and my acne was back within 3 months. I finally was prescribed Doryx along with Acanya in the morning and Epiduo at night. Please be patient as this will make you break out really bad at first but I promise you after 2 months you will see the results. What 's great too is you can adjust the dosage once your face clears up so you don 't have to take 150mg all the time. My face is all cleared up now and I only take it the week of my period to prevent breakouts.
I have been using Pristiq for two weeks...I have been very pleased with the results. I have been waking up every night at 2:30am but will quickly go back to sleep.
This was my first time ever being on birth control and I love Ortho Cyclen. I highly recommend this pill. I had no side effects! Regulated my period as well.
Bad things in my life caught up with me and from Friday night until Monday morning I had panic and horrible anxiety. I was prescribed Klonopin 0.5 mg three times a day and I haven 't had a panic attack since. I 've been on it for 3 months and I am almost weaned off it.
Had unprotected sex on the 31 of Dec 16 . Took aftera the next day around 4. Was so nervous that it wouldn 't work because of all the reviews but after nervously waiting for 6  days my period came three weeks early . It wasn 't heavy as usual but did have lots of cramping and got my period on the 6 and finished today it  works !!! Not 100% effective but it has a high chance the quicker you take it the better Works . And you save 10 dollars !
I didn 't read the directions and started taking Chantix the day after I quit.  I had smoked for 33 years.  I only took Chantix for 2 weeks after quitting.  No side effects.  I was actually amazed how easy it was to quit.  Now been smoke free for 9 years!!!
I took accutane for 4 months with amazing results when I was 16. I had severe acne on my cheeks, chin, and temples and it all cleared up w/ just some light marks and scars left over. My skin remained clear for about 6 months after I stopped taking it and I didn 't have to use any topic treatments. The acne returned slowly with a few small bumps and got the point where it was just as severe as before. Now, a little over a year from when I started my first round, I am on accutane again. Now, I am about a month into my treatment and I see fantastic results. This second round is better than the first; the first time, I experienced an initial flare up, this second time, it immediately got better.
This drug has improved my quality of life by 100%, from lower back problems.
I had a Radical Prostatectomy at age 50. It left me impotent for about 3 years, but I lost about 60 lbs and I 've been swimming for 2 years now. Levitra has help me achieve a strong erection when paired with the right stimuli. Some times the side effects are horrible in the form of a very bad head ache and other times it is hardly noticeable. I must be physically fit enough for sex or my conservative Chinese doctor would not have prescribed it. Since I had cancer in even core of the prostate, the surgery was extensive. I though I was sexually doomed after the surgery, but cardiovascular exercise has helped me tremendously. The nerves are damaged but increasing the health of the circulatory system has benefited my ED condition. It helps!
Take 1 or 2mgs at one time, as needed, for panic attacks. Most of the time I will have a panic attacks, for no reason or triggers. For Some panic attacks I do have a trigger. Large Crowds, NO WAY. People I know, that haven 't seen in years. The only medicine that helps with panic attacks! I take Valium 10mgs, four times daily. Anxiety and panic attacks are different. Panic effects your whole day. Anxiety attacks, the Valium is in my blood.
Never get started on this drug , I warn you ! Yes I give it a 10 but its something you should take every once in awhile never longer than 2-3 months at a time, I 'm 100% dependent on these pills, have been for a decade and it started at a routine check up!  The worst addiction I 've ever seen. And I 'm a recovering herion addict. That wasn 't easy but a cake walk to ever getting off xanax. I 'm on 1 mg 3x a day today, just like I was 10 years ago. If my Dr even mentions trying to stop giving me this medicine I freak out when I don 't have xanax to feel &quot;normal&quot; iihave seizures, chronic pain, its horrible! However i have to have these pills, and pharmaceutical companies knew what they were doing . ever watch MTV. I swear every TV show mentions Xan
Dizziness for a couple of days as I adjusted to it then again had dizziness for a couple of days as dosage was later increased to 1200mg per day. Slept well, but was tired early and required going to bed about an hour earlier. Took for five years. Unfortunately it did not eliminate all seizures. Had several absence seizures requiring that I change medication.
This pill is great. I started taking it for terrible back pains during periods and it helped a lot. I didn 't gain weight and it cleared up my acne from the birth control I was taking before. My fav part is that it made my periods only last about 4 days!
I have been on Klonopin for over a decade with success from my previous anxiety, frustration and anger feelings. I rate this medication a nine because alone it 's not 100% (it 's used in adjunct with counseling and Sertraline). I take 2mg &quot;in the morning&quot; and the only side effect for me, is feeling like me again; relaxed, confident, alert and in control. The dosage is too much for most but for me (with a high tolerance) it keeps me in control. I have heard of some that use it successfully for insomnia; not me. Its long lasting properties allow that I take it with breakfast and coast all day/night on it. I never notice an effect from it, until I don 't take it: Then the anxiety, indecision with tiredness reappears. So I 'm on it for life, and that 's okay.
I was surprised at the amount of negative reviews versus good reviews for Livalo and other statins.  I am a 45 year old male. 205 LDL 280 total cholesterol. I have been on it just about 1 month. First 2 weeks did have some mild muscle soreness on back of legs but heard that CoQ10 helped and it seemed to go away after taking that and I also take Vitamin D. I work out a lot and lift weights and would feel a little more fatigue than normal when working out. I noticed if I take creatinine prior to working out I feel as good as before taking the medicine. So all in all I feel pretty, pretty good. The two supplements I am taking seem to work for a lot of the side effects people talk about. I will go back for testing in 2 weeks.
Really effective - had discharge come out of my red eye. Now the pain is gone some 20 hours later. 
Have been on Victoza (6.0 for 3 months) and 1.2 for last month.  Have lost 12 lbs.  Take 750mg X2 of Metformin.  Unable to exercise though from weakness and slight headache.  I can go swimming twice a week but that 's about all the energy left.  Wonder what the long term effects would be since this hasn 't been on the US market for too long. Hope for the best for all of us Type 2 's.
I started Contrave on 5-6 and first week in a half no side effects other then dry mouth, little bit of dizziness, my Dr recommended when you start out to take at night not in the morning, I think this really helped.. now I am taking 1 in the morning and 1 at night and have been for few days, do experience a lot of dizziness and weird feelings, but overall DO NOT THINK ABOUT EATING at all, which is great for me.. This used to be all  I thought about, so I can deal with the side effects. I am down 15 lbs in less then a month with little exercise, but about to do more.. I have about 55 lbs more to go, and really feel I will get there with Contrave..
I absolutely love Nexplanon. I had mine inserted at the end of January 2015, so it 's been about 5 months. Yes at first your period is gonna be all outta wack, but I haven 't had a period in about two months and I love it!!!!! I did have a little mood swings at first but they subsided. No I did not gain weight, and no I did not lose my sex drive. It 's even helped cleared up some acne! Highly recommend this to any female wanting to stop taking the pill. It 's awesome!
This is the best working cough syrup.  While it doesn 't totally eliminate it (which would make it a 10!), it is the best among all of the different cough syrups and pills.  I am not a fan of the Benzonatate gel capsules.  They do nothing for me.
I went on Nexplanon after a horrible experience with the pills. They made me nauseous, gave me headaches, and made me super hungry (I basically didn 't feel like myself at all) I decided to go on Nexplanon and I am SO glad that I did! Its insertion was painless (only a little bit of soreness in the following days) I did have some mood swings for the first couple of weeks but now it is totally fine! I feel great and just like myself. I do notice that my periods are irregular and I discharge for a while after my period is over. If you are worried about going on Nexplanon because of the &quot;horrible&quot; side effects, I am here to tell you to go for it.
I am 58 and smoked since I was 14. In the last 10 years smoked between 20-25 per day - roll me owns. I have tried Patches - Gum - hypnosis - I was very scared about giving up - then the Doctor gave me Zyban. I did a lot of reading on the Web and there is more scary stuff than good stuff - found this support group with so much positive things to say - I did it - it has been 5 days since my last smoke and it has been mentally wonderful. Still get the physical feeling - but they are getting better. I love this medicine.  
I take this for motion sickness, as well as occasional nausea. It works beautifully. I 'm able to go on longer road trips and boats without being bothered by motion. And not only do I feel well physically, but my mind is at ease knowing that I don 't really have to worry about it. I also appreciate the fact that it 's widely available and relatively inexpensive. I usually buy the generic version, but I find that it works just as well.
AHHHHHHHHHHHH!  relief.  Taking for heartburn this med is the best.  No side affects, easy to swollow, and gets rid of the burn!  This is the best for heartburn I have taken.
I was on this for about 3 years. At first I had periods, they stopped within 6 months (which my doctor said was completely normal) and I 'll agree I was a little moody at times around when my period should have come. But other than that, I actually lost weight on this pill... I did exercise every now and then, I got off this pill because I was really concerned with not having a period, I got on Sprintec 28 and HATED it. I gained 15 pounds. I 'm a very petite person so this was totally noticeable. I love Lo Loestrin. I will never try another birth control. If you 're looking for something just to manage your period with no side effects, this is the one. AND I got it for free every month.. talk about amazing.
I started taking Belviq 9 days ago and am down 7 lbs! The weight flew off the first couple of days (probably water weight) but I haven 't lost anything for the last three. I really attribute that to not eating well when I do eat the last few days but I am eating less and less often. Gone are my desires to snack. I made a salad for dinner and will be taking more control of my diet again so hopefully I will see some more weight loss soon! The first night I was nauseous and a little dizzy but nothing too horrible. The next day all of my side effects were gone.  I still get a little dizzy or nauseous from time to time but nothing too terrible. The biggest side effect is dry mouth but that just forces me to drink more water.
Had bronchitis after five weeks from having CABG surgery. My doctor prescribed Augmentin and it worked  after having the first pill. At this time I am in my second day and the fever is gone minor cough and to my surprise my sinuses are clearing too since I have chronic sinus alergies.
I had a breakdown in my doctor 's office after my Klonopin stopped working. She said I needed something stronger for my daily panic attacks as I could not even function at my part time job that was only three days a week. I am on 2mgs twice daily. It 's affordable and helps like no other medicine I 've tried. I take it with chamomile tea to relax if I 've had a stressful day. Or if things get too hectic at work I may take half of one. It also cured my insomnia. I feel like a normal person now. 
I 've been on this pill for almost three months now and I love it. After my first birth control experience I was terrified to use birth control ever again. However, I 'd rather take the risk instead of becoming pregnant so I tried it again. The first month was horrible, with minor breakouts and bad mood swings, but I have adjusted now. You must wait out the first month or two to be adjusted. After that, it 's smooth sailing. I don 't have any breakouts, my sex drive is normal, and I haven 't gained any weight. I still get moody every once in a while, which is bearable. Overall a very good birth control. But EXPENSIVE without insurance!
I have been on Amitriptyline for 2 months and I have only one side effect - dry cough occasionally. I suffered from migraines from childhood and first my doctor tried a blood pressure medicine that also treats migraines. While somewhat effective, I still had headaches and migraines after 1-2 months, up to 3-5 per week. Once he put me on Amitriptyline, all headaches are gone and I have had no recurrences of either regular headache or migraine. I no longer need pain medication and I feel like I have my life back. This medicine has been wonderful!
I have been on Forteo 3 months now, I started taking it after a thyroid surgery left my parathyroids damaged. This has kept me out of the hospital and living a happy healthy lifestyle.
Hi All, I 'm a 26-year-old African American woman and I 'm so glad that I found Effexor (Venlafaxine, for me) because it has really helped me manage my anxiety and depression. It 's not common to talk about medication in the Black community so if you 're reading this and think that the drug might help you - just give it a try! My therapist said that Effexor really tends to help young women. I have been on the drug for 16 months and went from 75 mg to 150mg. I just checked in with my prescribing psychiatrist today and I figured I would take some time to write reviews for people who haven 't made the jump to medication. I also use Beating the Blues CBT online tool - it 's free at my job! The combination, plus eating healthy and working out, works!
This medicine saved my life. I was in pain and miserable. Tried all the OTC stuff Zantac, Pepcid, Previced, and many others with no success. Then I tried omeprazole and within day 's I was better. Great medicine. Would definitely recommend.
Effexor has saved my life. I had depression and anxiety so bad, I couldn 't function and was suicidal. Couldn 't leave my house, I wouldn 't leave my bedroom or eat for days at a time. Since taking the Effexor, I can 't believe how much better I feel. I feel 100%, doing the things that I should be doing, just like everyone else.
When I started Mononessa a year ago, the first month I had headaches and cramps, but they went away after 1 cycle. Sometimes I get breakthrough bleeding, but for the last 2 cycles I have not had any breakthrough bleeding. My skin has cleared up with no acne.
I had unprotected sex on April 8th took the pill 12hrs later! Experienced a few cramps and extreme tiredness! Yesterday April 14th my period started and I am extremely happy that this pill worked! Also I heard it does not work on overweight people but I weigh 180 and it worked for me!
I am a mother of 3 great kids and I was throwing my life away by being addicted to any pain pill I could get my hands on. Primary Oxy. I had a great job and spent most of my money on the drugs. My main concern was getting them daily. Someone one told me about Methadone and I knew that if I didn 't do something I would be dead before I was 40years and my kids without a mom.  I have been on Methadone for over a year and it literally saved my life.  I now have a life, I am a mom again, and a wife and a great worker. I just recently received an award for the community I live and work in for making my community a better place to live, and received a promotion. Not to bad for an addict and if not for Methadone I would NOT be where I am.
Caught a bacterial infection from daughter visiting from Japan August 2016. Could not get well. Unknowingly had a dental abcess that made me even more ill. Did some research and found flagyl with Augmentin had helped others. Got dental problems addressed and took 21 days of flagyl 500 mg x 2 daily with Augmentin 875 mg x 2 daily. Got well. Had to have more invasive dental work and am currently taking 21 day course of flagyl 1000 mg x 2 daily with 875 mg Augmentin x2 daily to head off infection recurring. If you have been ill and given up hope, try this combo. Yep it 's a lot of antibiotics but I was quite sick and it helped me. I was infection free at time of last dental work but taking this as a preventive course.
By far the most effective medicine for treating complex acne. It is my opinion that taking Accutane and dealing with the minor side effects is less damaging than the stress and social fear and depression from acne.  Just do it and get on with your life!
I am a 70-year old female who has had a chronic problem with colonic inertia for many years and have done the water-fiber thing, eating healthy, exercise, various laxatives, enemas -- you name it.  Not only did these measures not help much but I was always having abdominal pain, bloating, heartburn and just not enjoying eating anymore.  I was placed on Linzess and have taken 2 pills thus far and I think I am experiencing a miracle.  I have a full and complete Bowel Motion with normal cramping and no more suffering with bloating and cramping during the day. I just pray it continues and my body doesn 't get used to it and stop working.
I used elocon cream for several weeks to clear my sides of nose(pigmentation),and it get cured 90%.but I got some pimples on my nose after using this cream,and now there are pimple marks on my nose.
If it wasn 't for the cost I would give it a ten. I 've been taking 150mgs a day for almost a year. With a card from drug co. I only pay $20, but when that card expires I cant afford $50 per month. My doctor just prescribed me Ritalin 10mgs 3 times a day (also probably have ADD). 
The best I 've been prescribed for pain so far.
Never had a YI until 3yrs ago during pregnancy unfortunately has had them since normally use the off brand OTC YI medication insert and they seem to never work 1st time using Monistat 1 and it seems to be working!! Didn 't have trouble inserting it or use with it no burning or itching from ovule!! Its been almost 24hrs no discharge no burning no itching no odor I am very pleased with this product and recommend it well worth $18!!!
No side effects. Takes a little to ease the pain in right leg and back. Do not eat at the same time you take pill, it has a bitter taste.
Excellent.  Worked  from day one for my anxiety! I tried SSRI 's and Wellbutrin. Neither worked for my anxiety. 10mg of the propranolol and I am so happy and waaaaay less anxious.
I LOVE this product. I 'm 27 and psoriasis just flared up for the first time ever! I hadn 't seen a derm yet but was hoing to if this product didnt work. I used it 4x a day for about 2 weeks n it is gone!!! I ran out but will b getting more to keep applying so it stays away. It does burn a lil w open sores, but goes away quickly. The smell could b better but w these results, idc
I have been losing my hair gradually for the last 10 years my hairdresser said something about it then I started noticing my hair was falling out by the handfuls  so I got a little nervous and bought Rogaine for women wow this stuff is amazing I can 't believe how thick my hair is after all these years I don 't know why I didn 't try this product sooner but now I am and I 'm glad I did  I haven 't had any side effects from it all go I highly recommend washing your hands after applying it to your hair to prevent transferring it onto your face
I 've had chronic daily cluster headaches for about 35 years.  Actiq is the only med that I 've tried to offer near-complete relief.  I 've been using them for almost five years and they still work as well as the first time.  For me, a true &quot;miracle drug&quot;.
Worked pretty well for restless legs syndrome, but when I started on it, I also had undiagnosed sleep apnea. Since using it with the CPAP, I have never slept better!
I 'm going into my third pack of generic brand. I LOVE IT. Of course worth any medication there 's always side effects and allowing your body to get used to it. My first pack I bled for a little over a month but of course that was already spoken about at the doctors. I 'm about to go into my third pack in about a week and a half and I 've a some light spotting, but nothing to be alarmed about. A little upsetting because I don 't want my period at all unless it 's when I 'm supposed to get it but this is normal. I highly recommend this method of birth control, my friend encouraged me to do this instead of continuing with the IUD I had inserted for 4 years, I give it a 10!
This med has been great.  I have suffered Bipolar Disorder and panic attacks for years.  It has helped me tremendously.  You may need to adjust the amount so you don 't become tired during the day but once you find the optimal dose I feel it 's a worthwhile medication.
Smoked 1.5 to 2 packs a day for 30 years. Loved every minute of it, but the cost was getting out of control thanks to the liberal wacko 's on the left. Used Chantix for a month and it was easy to ignore the smoking urge from the first week on through. No side effects to speak of from the Chantix, Chantix really worked great for me.
I was told to take this 40 years ago, but didn 't like the taste/texture.  My pain and diarrhea got so bad I started taking 1 scant tablespoon a day and I have no more pain and only rare diarrhea.  I wish I had started using it years ago.
This product really works!  It is the first thing that really provided fast pain relief.  It is a little on the expensive side but worth every penny since it actually works.
Within 3 days acne pustules and swollen skin had reduced and not painful in my entire chin/jaw area.Its a bit drying and skin feels  'tight ' but that 's easy to handle with applying extra moisturizer.  I 've been an esthetician for 20 years so when adult acne showed up I tried everything spa treatment wise but after 2 years of the pain, discolouration, constant break outs this is what my GP prescribed - I 'm so thankful!
I have scoliosis that causes sereve pain, my spine is S shaped. its a pretty severe curve. Anyway been to a number of doctors, finally got a PM doc that prescibed a number of pain meds that did not work, I almost gave up until he prescribed oxycontin. What a relief, now we have to adjust the dosage a bit but finally got it perfect, I take 4 40mg pills a day and been on that same dose for about a year and it is still working great, I am not building a tolerance to it at all.
I got Hep C from a tattoo back in San Diego in 1975 according to my Gastro Doc. Have had it foir years and just started feeling bad in 2013 I have been on Harvoni now for 8 weeks. Hardly any siode effects and energy level is almost back to normal. This is a miracle drug.I wish the FDA would approve H-86 for cancer patients also if you have not heard of it, look it it up and never go to CHEMO Therapy!!!!
I have had this for about a month now. I started while on my period and just started slightly spotting. I have been fine (no cramps, not tired, no weight gain, etc.). I did notice the day before I started spotting I felt BLAH. I felt like crying the whole day but The next day I started spotting and my mood was back to normal. I would give it more than just a month. They tell you that people react differently to each method and that some people will have a period on and off for up to 6 months. The insertion of it wasn 't as bad as I thought. As others have said the most painful part was when they put the numbing medicine in and then if you bump it while its bruise, its still kind of tender for about a week after. Overall GREAT so far.
I have struggled with bouts of depression my whole adult life. Now that I have 3 children, I realized how my depression spats could and was affecting them. Short fuse, drinking too much in the evenings, inconsistent parenting responses. I am also high strung and type-A, and have a dormant eating disorder. Gave citalopram 20 a try and for 2 weeks, I felt like everything was worse...I was nauseous, extra tired all day (even though I took it at night), crying jags and lack of stamina or enthusiasm. Then, everything changed! Life is good, chaotic and full. I am my best me. And I love sex! There is peace now in my head, which makes me more productive, less self-deprecating, and much more patient.
I used to get migraines 3-5 times a week, one of which would usually be severe.Elavil reduced my migraine frequency to about once a week (if that!). The migraines I get now are extremely mild.I would highly recommend this medication for migraine prevention.
I got prescribed the Reglan, for my nausea, and gastroparesis, and I only need to take two or three days worth and not the full months worth, it works great, except for one of the minor side effects that I get every time I take it. I would recommend it to anybody who has nausea, gastroparesis, GERD.
have been on it,for over 10 years,and have taken 60 mgs every morning,its been a life saver for me.
I have been in pain for years. I did massage therapy, physiotherapy, yoga, ran, walked and weights.  Finally, my Doctor gave me a script for Celebrex - Instant pain relief in both my neck and lumbar. It is November 11, 2015 and I am going to celebrate tonight. I am pain FREE!
I should be the Chantix poster child. I smoked 2 packs a day for 23 years and quit like it was NOTHING on Chantix. I tried everything else...patch, gum, pills, you name it. I never had even 1 side effect. I went through a very stressful time right after I was finished with the 3rd month of Chantix and still stayed smoke free. Amazing! Before I would have ran for a smoke the minute anything got stressful. I will NEVER again smoke a disgusting cigarette and am much happier.
I got mine put in in January of 08. I got pretty heavy periods for about 6 months after. I haven 't used a tampon since, mini pads work just fine. I get it roughly every%uFEFF 8 weeks. Sometimes if it goes too long, I have taken a pregnancy test to make sure, all negative. I really don 't like people making negative comments when they had it in less than a week. It 's not instantaneous, you have to give your body time to adjust. The Implanon itself doesn 't hurt, it hasn 't pained me since the first few days. I have had NONE of these symptoms, any weight gain was from unhealthy eating habits. I do not bleed constantly, not stressed, crazy or depressed.
I had the depo shot for three years. I decided to go on something different So I chose the skyla. I was super nervous about getting considering I 'm very self conscious but it wasn 't as embarrassing as I had thought it would be. The insertion was pretty terrible. It didn 't take long but a minute but the pain was unlike anything I have ever experienced. I haven 't had kids so this was almost to much for me. But I just gritted my teeth an didn 't think about it. I was quit dizzy and the cramps were miserable. For hours it was terrible. And it even got so bad I threw up. I slept restlessly that night but in the morning I felt fine. No more cramps or pain. During the day though I felt strange just a little off. Other than that. Its great! I recommend
I have tried many bipolar, mania medicines with none being the right one, however when my doctor prescribed Abilify it helped majorly in my life. I am on a combination of Abilify, Divalproex and Trazadone. All of which work in my favor. It is very comforting to know there is a medicine out there that understands bipolar patients.
Horrible allergy symptoms-total stopped up nose and sneezing and unable to sleep due to congestion! I 'd been using decongestant nasal sprays daily thru allergy season which was becoming all year! I started using Flonase one week ago at night and within 2 days all symptoms are gone! I love you Flonase. I 'm telling everyone!
5 '11 and  255 lbs started three months ago. Early days seemed like my weight loss was minimal but once I stuck with my diet and cleaned the cobwebs off the bike. Then the weight came off 3.4 pounds per week average now 212 pounds and going strong. Side effect a little dry mouth the rest of side effects never happened to me. It cost 75.00 and I would have got more if I knew this was going to happen.
Causes a little tiredness, but completely eliminates anxiety and provides an excellent night 's sleep. 50mg at night.
This medication worked well for me! 200 mg and I was rock hard for hours wow. Viagra was weaker for me I don 't know why. I got burned by a topical medicine cream [FDA is a joke and a half] anyway insurance will ONLY sadly pay for 6 pills a month] sick right? very very sick. Anyway this worked better for me than viagra. Reason being is must be genetics that .1% difference in humans does make a huge difference for medical compounds. Also Avanafil is structurally different vastly from Viagra. Nitric Oxide effect is increased  therefore GMP increases thus leading to better erections. Try all PDE 5 inhibitors before you say they won 't work because what may work for one may NOT work for another.
Can 't see what the problem is, it says on the packet what it is going to do and taste like. It tastes horrible, hot, cold or warm, it cleans the bowel. What more do you want? Except a positive result after the colonoscopy. Go with the flow and get on with it.
Taste wasn 't nearly as bad as past treatments. I just gulped it down and chased it with one of the two 16 oz water chasers. Started working 15 minutes later- so far, three visits to the bathroom of 10-15 min each, and I 'm 90 minutes into it. Seems like it 's working as intended....thus far, nothing more than a noisy stomach and I 'm a bit chilled.
I was prescribed phendermetrazine for the first week and it made me feel awful!  Bad headaches and made my heart pound.  In my first week of taking it I lost 8.5 pounds I weighed 283 when I started and lost the 8.5 pounds and am now weighing 275 It has helped me to not feel hungry all day. but with the bad side effects I asked to be put on phentermine and have had no side effects  and a lot of energy and my heart isn 't pounding so let 's see if I get the same results.  I 'm super excited !!
Allows me to function.
I have had an erratic sleep schedule since the end of January of this year.  I had been taking trazodone and it just wasn 't working anymore.  I talked to my Dr.  She suggested Sonata.  I was desperate for a good nights sleep.  I took 1 last night. I believe it is a good idea to relax before you take it.  I slept for 3 to 4 hours. But still felt the calming effect of it and went right back to bed.  Not a full nights,  but hey,  it was better.  I think if we sit and wait for a pill to kick it,  it makes us tense.  I 'm going to continue on.  I believe in a weeks time,  I will have a pattern back.  Don 't give up so easily after 1 night.  Give it a chance.  
I have had a generally great reaction to Frova. After having bad side effects for years it was nice to find a med that works 95% of the time and without major side effects. There is some light nausea if taken first thing in the morning before breakfast. The main problem is with insurance since it is still a relatively new med. If its not covered it will cost about $450.
Im 21 with no kids, and got Skyla inserted yesterday. Before my procedure I did all my research and was very nervous when I read others people 's experience. Before my appointment I took 4 pills of Ibuprofen. I was really nervous, however it was not that bad. The first part, which the doctor measures  your cervix, just feels like a bad menstrual cramp. Its not pleasant but is tolerable. Next she inserted the Skyla. This part lasted about 3 minutes with long intesne cramps, after she was finished the pain was gone. On the ride home I did experience cramps but I was still able to function. Everyones pain tolerance is different, but from my experience it did not hurt that bad.
Plan B is awesome! I really works, i was freaking out and looking for reviews just like some of you now because, i was on my most fertile days when i had unprotected sex, and i took plan b just two hours later and it worked!!! i got my period the next week after that. *If you have not purchased plan b yet and are unsure go on the website for $10 off coupon before you get it.
I am 24 and have had clear skin all my life. I had to change contraceptives and got Implanon. A side effect was one to two very large and painful pimples appearing on a weekly basis. My doctor prescribed me Duac for the breakouts and I noticed results straight away. In the five weeks I 've been using Duac, I haven 't had any pimples. My skin was very dry in the first week but went back to normal in the second week. It has been great for my skin and my confidence.
Vimpat is the only medication I have taken for partial simple seizure. I had never had a seizure until I had a car wreck. Did not have seizure until 4 days after wreck. Many other anti seizure medicines would interfere with my immunosuppressants. I only take 25mg  twice a day but makes me tired and forgetful. No more seizure in over a year though.
Had a very nasty Lumbar disc prolapse which was causing pressure on my Sciatic nerve, I was prescribed 2mg Diazepam and Codeine (which I haven 't taken). Ordered to take the Diazepam 3x daily but I 've always been sceptical about taking medication, however certain mornings/evenings became unbareable therefore I bit the bullet and took the Diazepam.To my surprise within 20 minutes symptoms reduced, hopefully returning to my beloved sport within 4 weeks now!I must add I have been undertaking mobility exercises and stretches which I believe is reducing symptoms as I 'm feeling the need to take less medication and I 'm gaining more range on my stretches now.
Unfortunately I am a chronic relapser and have had many alcohol-withdrawal related seizures in the past.  Every time I have gone to the hospital they have given me Librium and it absolutely took away all my withdrawal symptoms. No more sweating, shaking, or vomiting. I have asked several doctors in the past to prescribe Librium to me but they have all said that it should be administered at a hospital where I could be monitored. This time around however the hospital sent me home after 7 hrs and gave me a script for 6-25mg.  I only took 5 and experienced no withdrawal symptoms what-so-ever and I was a liter of vodka/day drinker. Highly recommend Librium.
I have taken about 10 different antidepressants and always had to stop because of the severity of side effects. I have been on Trazodone for over 6 years and love it. It is the only medicine I have tried that doesn 't give me horrible side effects. I had to keep upping the dosage in the beginning but soon found a dose that worked. The greatest benefit is that it helps me sleep. I have severe insomnia and my depression gets out of control after too many days of not sleeping and trazodone combined with Ambien is helpful. I have no other side effects from it. The difference in depressive symptoms is not dramatic but is helpful. I recommend it for people who have a rough time with side effects from other medicines and for those who can 't fall asleep.
I began taking Tamiflu at about the 72 hr mark. They say this is borderline that it can help at this stage. I felt so bad (headache, body aches, hot/cold, cough) that the doctor decided to try it. After 2 doses, fever broke, aches are gone and only slight coughing. Still a little fatigued. Wasn 't sure this would work... But I believe it now.
I suffered from panic attacks, anxiety and depression for years.  Since I started taking clonazepam, I haven 't had a single attack! This drug has changed my life for the better.  I still have some anxiety and depression, but I 'm taking something else for those.  My only wish is that I didn 't wait so long to try the medication!
Cannot tolerate Warfarin but only got Pradaxa to cover two months previous and one month after catheter ablation for atrial fibrillation.  Had a bit of heartburn the first few days, but no side effects at all during the whole three months.  Now after three months post ablation, still getting some atrial fibrillation I think, but my doctor will not prescribe it, only the hospital consultant - who is also very reluctant.  
I also completely agree with the first review.  I have tried 9 sleep-aid medicines, including high doses of Ambien and Ambien CR.  The medicines for sleep &quot;insomnia&quot; really do nothing for people with true insomnia.  Insomnia is a condition of the brain where your mind essentially does not stop working at night.  Whether you are worried about something, excited, or are just thinking about something you saw on T.V or read in a paper during the day, you will not fall asleep until 20 minutes before you have to awaken.  Sleep-aid medicines help people who just have poor sleep habits, like eating right before bed, etc.  Seroquel actually suppresses your brain wave function and helps you mentally &quot;shut off.&quot;  No weight gain for me.
I 'm hoping my comments reaches out to those who like me gave up on medication time and time again as it affected their work outs. As a long distance runner and someone suffering from years of major PTSD and Anxiety, it was nearly impossible to have the stamina to run while on meds. I 'd have to grin and bear the struggles of my PTSD without meds during my years of marathon training. Cymbalta and Latuda have been the perfect combination for me. Though Latuda is more for Bi-Polar, it has helped many people with PTSD, like myself. I have no weight gain and I have plenty of stamina to do my running. I 'm so grateful to God and my doctor for finding the best program for me. If you 're an athlete, help is out there.
I have tried 95% of the other ones. To me none obviously worked if I had to add 4-5 opiates with it to get  'some ' relief. I was  'very ' skeptical about trying another. Last month I ran out and life was being too busy to allow me to get to the pharmacy. I didn 't think 1 or 2 doses would make a difference. None of the others would have. I was in the most excruciating pain I have had for years. I had forgotten what fibromyalgia could really feel like. As long as it continues to work in body I will not miss any doses.
I 'm 27 years old and been a cold sore sufferer ever since I can remember. I 've Tried everything under the sun to keep my outbreaks under control but nothing seemed to work. I went to my dermatologist and he prescribed this medicine. I usually get about 4 cold sores a year and since I have been prescribed this medicine I literally have not had one! I take 2 pills when I feel it coming on and it stops it dead in its tracks. This medication is a miracle to me, as we all know how embarrassing having a cold sore is. It has saved me from many Friday nights spent in bed hiding my face while all my friends are out and having fun. 10 out of 10!
I suffer abdominal pain from 9 failed laparotomies to remove cysts and ovaries, im currently on 80mg Oxycontin 5 x a day, and Lyrica 2 x 450mg daily also for nerve damage this just takes the edge off it could be better but will try patch maybe all i need.....i suffer spinal probs as well neck as knees.......im a walking wounded so to speak lol.....
Tolerance builds slower than Adderall and other instant release stimulants, but still builds fast.  Lasts a good 12-14 hours as well, just make sure you don 't take more than you should because when your tolerance builds you 're pretty much done with.
I 've been on this birth control for 3 months and have not gained a single pound. I 've actually lost weight, which was surprising. I have not had any side effects other than mood swings for the first week I went on it and spotting the week before I got my period. I don 't use condoms with this birth control and have sex every other day and still haven 't gotten pregnant. I really can 't say enough positive things about this birth control.
Today I am on 100mg of Elavil and it is working quite well.  Best of all, Elavil has the added bonus of curbing my neuropathy which had forced me to be on fentanyl for over 4 years.  Been about eight years now and it is still doing a great job.  I have been on just about every drug they have for panic and other than Prozac this is one of the only drugs that has worked or worked without nasty side effects.  paxil worked but TOTALLY wiped out my sex drive and ability to perform.  Zoloft did nothing at all good or bad.  Alcohol was good at knocking down the panic attacks but the bad there was the attacks became more frequent.  Imipramine only masked the symptoms causing some nasty muscle tension that lead to migraines.
I recently got Implanon put in and I could not love it more. I 've never been on birth control before but this one is amazing. I never had bad periods before but I was just a moody person. Since getting Implanon I 've been in a much better mood. It was painless and left hardly any bruising. It was free for me and I couldn 't be happier. I haven 't gained weight, which I was hoping I would. I 'm thinking of when I get it taken out getting I 'll have another put in. It is so nice not having to worry anymore. I suggest this birth control to everyone just give it a try! They say it looks scary getting put in but I simply turned my head, and it went by so fast. Implanon is my miracle drug, my sex drive has INCREASED and I 'm happy.
I 've had melasma since 2007. I notice a small brown patch on my right side of my cheek and didn 't think nothing of it till someone else noticed that it was there and was spreading. I think I was in denial until I seen it on my forehead and then on my other cheek and also upper lip. I spent a lot of money, time, and a lot of disappoint on many products.  Until 2 weeks ago when my dermatologist suggested that I try tri-luma. I was at the point to where I was so discouraged and depressed I was at my point that I just didn 't even want to try. I thought to myself.  I 'll try one more item and only cuz I looked up the reviews on tri-luma and believe me it 's not cheap. But I will admit it is out of this world amazing. And it really works.
In my third recurrance of cluster headaches over a 10 year period, they have become far more intense and frequent, over a month with no let up. As many as four per day. Started on 50mg for four days. Fifth day no prednisone and headaches were back. Now I 'm back on prednisone (60mg for 5 days and reduce by 10mg until off) and it is so far keeping them at bay.
I was on Tylox for 4 yrs to control pain in my Left foot. had 3 op on foot in 7 yrs. Tried every pain killer out there, but my pain was killing me until a doctor gave me this. I took this drug 4 yrs, then went off it myself, I had to cut back until I did not need it no more. Now I got wounded in IRAQ due to a IED, same leg.  Now left knee and same foot. Back on Tylox, only medicine that works for me.
Very useful for treating severe to mild asthma! Highly recommended!
Maybe TMI but sitting on the can writing this. Mixed up the powders as directed, added about half a packet of EmergenC powder, guzzled 8 fl oz every 15 minutes as directed. I don 't know if I had a newer formulation or something but I had no problems with the taste - tasted like Gatorade or some electrolyte drink to me. Started working within 40 mins. And so here I sit...
I was first diagnosed with ADD when I was 6 years old, I 'm almost 28 now,and have been on Ritilan and Adderall for most of my life. I went off medication a few times in my life and although I was functional, I found myself spacing out a lot, and unable to focus. Recently I had been under so much stress that I was experiencing more frequent zoning out especially at work. So I talked to my doctor about it, and he originally prescribed Strattera but my insurance company wouldn 't cover it so he put me on 20 mg dose once a day. This is only my second day on it, but overall I 've had little negative side effects. Just a minor loss of appetite and some dry mouth. I am definitely feeling a lot more focused and can still sleep. So far so good.
My daughter had lice for almost a year. I used every OTC medicine numerous times and did every removal step but she still had them. My last option was cutting off all her hair like a boy. Used Natroba once and done. It is such a relief to us both (especially since we didn 't have to cut off her hair). Only negative is the price.
Took clomid on days 3-7. I am 38, with pcos and have a large reserve of eggs as I am not ovulating.Am pregnant after first cycle.Happy, but scared to death at the same time!
We started taking Belviq last year with my Dad and then my Mom. They lost a combined 66 pounds in four months each on this. We will push the exercise and try to lose 30 and 35 pounds respectively. No side effects except I decide what I eat and how much. Just a little dry mouth but feel great. Belviq for Bela Vita. to the good life.
Have been on Harvoni for 6 weeks only symptoms are some fatigue and sometime slight stomach upset. I have already cleared of the virus! But I must keep on taking Harvoni for 3 months. It seems like a miracle!
Just came from the doctor after &quot;weening myself&quot; to 75 mg of Effexor. Bad move, doctor put me back to 150mg. Doctor put me on Buspar with my Effexor. FANTASTIC. Haven 't felt this good in years, but I felt so good I thought I could get off the Effexor. Lesson here, if you feel better, don 't stop taking your medicines, it 's working. Ask your doctor about taking Buspar with the Effexor. I have never felt better. No more racing thoughts, etc. Now, just waiting for Effexor to work it 's way back into my system. As for coupling it with the Buspar - RIGHT ON THE MONEY.
I believe this is the safest MRI contrast currently marketed.  It is a 4th generation contrast with a dual excretion pathway and as far as I know there are no know cases of NSF associated with this.  The few minor side effects I have seen are similar to placebo.  The key is the low dose of gadolinium and the 4th generation liver excretion which makes this safe in patients with renal compromise and still have normal liver function.
For about 25 or 30 years, I 've had at least 2 bouts a year with bronchitis accompanied with a non-productive cough.  There was no way I could sleep; I could only lay there and cough on schedule about every 30 seconds to a minute.Then I got Hydromet.  Best cough suppressant ever.  Just don 't sip your dosage straight from the bottle, use a teaspoon, because you 'll just overdose and possibly get the most frightening nightmares you 'll ever experience.  Believe me, it was very vivid and frightening dreams; and they would recur if you try to sleep again.After using the correct dosage there were no problems.  Only my luck ran out when my long time doctor wouldn 't prescribe anymore.  I 'm trying to add another doctor that will prescribe it.
I 've been on Paxil for  approximately 15 years now, and I absolutely believe it has saved my life.  After only about 2 weeks, I had the first &quot;good day&quot; I could ever remember having.  Until taking Paxil, I never realized that people could actually be genuinely happy.  There have been a few times during the first 5 years or so when I tried to stop cold turkey.  The side effects were really awful and I almost immediately went back into severe depression.  I 've since just accepted that I 'll be on medicines the rest of my life. Small price to pay for the benefits.  However, I think I am in the minority in that I didn 't experience any particular side effects while on Paxil; only when trying to stop.
I have been on this birth control for almost 3 years and it hasn 't given me any problems.  I get my period once a year every February and that is so awesome! I don 't have a side effects.and doesn 't mess with my emotions or weight.  I have seen some of the reviews and all I can say is everyones body is different and adjusts to medicine differently.
Zofran is a miracle drug! I 've had this medication for several years on an as-needed basis. With my IBS and anxiety, I tend to get nauseous easily. Whatever the cause to my nausea may be, Zofran works every single time. Now that its dissolvable it makes it so much easier to take. The relief happens within 20-30 minutes and usually 1 tablet is all I need. I do experience 2 side effects each and every time: a painful headache after the drug wears off (6-8 hours after taken) and constipation (practically nonexistent bowel movements) for 2-3 days. For the headache, OTC migraine meds work best. The constipation isn 't bothersome enough to me to treat.
I tried several synthetic medicines for hypothyroid to no avail, then a doctor recommended Armour. It has proved to be the best thing - getting me close to my  'normal ' self with little to no side effects.
Has helped me from the day I first took a sample pack from my Doctor! It 's changed my life for the better,no worries about having to know where a restroom is,can be out and about like I use to be. Thank you
Quit in a month, side effects include strange dream every night and massive headache. Cut down to 1 pill a day due to massive headache after 3 week. Stop taking the pill, and stop smoking on the same day.
I had Hep-C geno type 3a, took Daklinza 60mg per day and Sovaldi 400mg per day together and after 27 days of 27 tablets each, I had blood work and was cleared of Hep-C, I 'm finishing it all just in-case of the 12 week program of 3 scripts of 28 pills each. I had a few headaches and itchy skin and at first felt weak when I took them in the morning so I changed it to the evening and everything was fine. I was approved to take Benadryl, 2 in the morning and 2 at night and it helped the itching, could not take any pain medicine for the headaches. My health insurance covered all but my one time deductible of $6000 and after that I paid nothing. My nurse found a company to pay my deductible.
Works well to stop my anxiety.  I can participate in life again and I am doing things that I used to do.   Started with 75 mg started to become more effective at 150 mg.  Some side effects but they are getting better with time.
I 've been prescribed Medrol Dosepak on two occasions over the last 10 years.  Each time I experienced relief from the pain and swelling within a few days.  I did not experience any side effects.
I have been on Tenuate for three months and along with a healthy low carb diet, I have lost 22 pounds. I asked the Doctor for a prescription with little to no side effects. This medication has succeeded. 
My doctor recommended this to me since I was on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo before and after having a child it no longer worked as well for me and began to cause cystic acne on my chin. She said Tri Sprintec is the generic for Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and works similarly to your natural body 's hormone process. Since I started it each month my skin has gotten clearer and the PMS mood swings before my period are getting better. I was definitely more moody after I started taking this birth control. The biggest thing I 've noticed is lack of sexual drive but my skins clear, little weight gain, and no hair loss. So I 'm sticking with it. 
Geodon is really an effective medicine for Schizoaffective Disorder. One of the most challenging mental disorders to identify accurately and treat appropriately is schizoaffective disorder. This condition involves both psychotic symptoms and conspicuous, long-enduring, severe symptoms of mood disorder.
Reading the comments on this forum I have come to a conclusion that a lot of people do not give this drug time to work! It 's an older drug than many on the market and has come very much the choice of doctors in the U.K. Again as it 's range of doses is long example 25mg to 200 mg so it 's not a massive heavy drug, and to many people read all the negative comments on forums regarding not just sertilne but other ADs, as my doctor has said many times there is no true happy pill in the world.
Safest, cheapest, anti histamine (it 's main function) works very well. It 's a good medication for motion sickness. I use injectables and tabs. Seek advice before using any medication.
I have severe plaque psoriasis and in just 3 months it is like night and day with just a trace of it left. it is not a shot just 2 pills a day. I fell 99 better at this time. Much clearer then I was with Embrel. I gave it a 9 only because there is always something they will improve on but I am very happy with it.
I have been taking Remicade for several years and I love it!  I have not had any side effects.  I instantly feel better.
I 've had the shot for about 3 months and I 've had a great experience. My acne was minimal, mood swings were practically unchanged, and I actually lost weight. It 's my first shot, so I did have some spotting, but that was it. I would definitely recommend it.
Had been constipated for the past 5 days and was tired of feeling like crap (no pun intended), so I decided to give this a try. I 'll do a little more research next time, but I 'm quite happy to say that it worked. Took 2 pills at 12:15pm, and had bowel movements at 4:15, 5;15, and 6:15, like clockwork. I believe what you do before and after you take the pills definitely affects how you will feel when it hits you. I had veggies, a fiber bar, and an energy drink for breakfast, two fiber bars for lunch, and drank a liter of water when I got home. If your body isn 't ready, then you can expect to feel terrible because your digestive track has nothing else to pull from. I 'm a 5 '4&quot;, 125 lb woman, and didn 't have any horrendous side effects.
I 've been on this for a week now I 've been on 20 different meds that hasn 't worked I had given up hope  but this one really works for me I also take 100 mgs of tofranil and 400 wellbutrin
About 11 months ago I received the single dose Monovisc. It was painful to receive the shot and the pressure was great as it was injected. It took about 3 weeks for me to feel better. Before the shot I had a high level of constant pain from bone-on-bone on the outer edge of my knee. A pocket of fluid had formed on the outside for weeks and I had been waking up with knee pain during the night for quite some time. This greatly improved my knee pain. It didn 't take me to 0 pain but definitely reduced it. About 5 weeks ago, I felt the pain creeping up, the fluid forming and began to wake up during the night on occasion. I called the doctor and scheduled the next one, which I 'll get in a few days. Better than pain or surgery!
I have been diagnosed with MS since April  '09. I was first given Copaxone but that medication failed for me. My Doctor then decided to put me on Rebif and there was only time that I had forgotten to take Aspirin before taking the shot and that time I felt really bad the next day... other than that one time, the only other problem that I dislike about taking Rebif is the concept of giving myself a shot but the good part about Rebif is that it has kept me in remission for roughly a year now.
I suffer from an acute panic disorder which causes me depression. Paxil is a great drug along with my Xanax. I take 30mg a day of Paxil in the morning and 0.5mg 3 times a day of my Xanax. Without Paxil I would have the fear all the time even if I take the Xanax. This drug has saved my life, as most of us know that having a panic disorder with depression it feels like you are crazy yet we are not. I would recommend this drug to anyone who suffers both depression and panic attacks. I also have agoraphobia which means I can not leave my house. Sometimes of course I have to yet someone is always with me. It has been 2 years now that I have not gone out on my own, because of my fears. I highly recommend Paxil to anyone. It works great for me.
For a long time I have believed that I was bipolar but never took medicine for it. A couple years ago I started taking gabapentin for a herniated disk. I immediately noticed a feel good feeling. That is now the main reason I continue to take it.  People are warned to not stop taking this abruptly..THEY MEAN IT! I recently had surgery to remove my fibroids and I stopped taking gabapentin due to all the other medicines I was having to take. Shortly after stopping abruptly my husband said something to me I didn 't like that hurt my feelings and I THREW A PLATE OF FOOD AT HIM! I have never in my life done this. Afterwards I found out that anxiety is also a symptom of abruptly stopping meds. Make sure to wean off slowly.
Brilliant. A life saver for anxiety. No side effects.  Better than antidepressants any day.
It helps
I had brain surgery in December 1996. A tumor was found in the middle of my brain. I had been having blackouts for 16 years before they could find it.  I had been on Dilantan before the surgery. It worked but the doctor said Keppra was much better so I was put on Keppra after the operation and haven 't had a black out since.
The triphasal birth-control pills have been a lifesaver for me to help control my bipolar disorder for over 20 years   Off them, I have horrible mood swings and other symptoms like insomnia around ovulation and before my period.  Are used to take tri-Levelin until they discontinued the brand name version.  My gynecologist put me on this and within a few days I noticed a big difference.  With the extra progesterone,  I don 't get such horrible highs and lows like a roller coaster.
My insurance wouldn 't cover this medication but it 's not very expensive,... And it works wonders. Worth it for sure!
I have been taking 5mg Valium for the better part of 25 years. I was a huge drinker with a problem so I gave up the booze 12 years ago. However I have had major problems sleeping so I take a valium at night. Doctors hate given me Valium and it really blows me out as I don 't drink and don 't take illegal Drugs [ I did take heroin in the late 80s and some speed .. ].  I Haven 't had drugs like that since 1980. I went two years without Valium and didn 't bother me at all. I don 't care what they say I will take valium until I die and I love the sleep I have. I have never taken one during the day because I don 't wish to go to sleep or feel that way..
I have had RA for 23 years and had been on plaquenil and methotrexate for 10 years and still had swelling and joint pain.  I started Enbrel in September 2004 and after two injections I felt like a brand new person.  No more stiff hands in the morning..I can walk on ceramic floor without shoes (although I 'm not supposed to), and it doesn 't hurt!  Thank goodness for Enbrel, it has changed my quality of life tremendously.
I take this for my back and it helps me so much. I feel no pain at all. I get mild mood changes but nothing severe.
1 pill twice a day. Voltaren effective until it caused server swelling of my entire legs and hands. The increased edema put pressure on my bursa in both hips and on the nerves leaving my groin and going into my legs. All of this pressure caused electrical shocks in my thighs. I took a diurectic but it didn 't remove the fluid from my thighs.
I started taking xanax when I was fifteen. I only take them when I have an anxiety attack and they are the only thing that helps. I am now 23 and still only take them as needed. They work within a short amount of time &amp; soothe all symptoms even my muscle spasms.
My son has been on this for 8 years and it is a huge help. Takes 1st thing in morning and lasts all day. No problem eating dinner and has kept a healthy weight. With the coupon we pay zero out of pocket....
I have just completed my Suboxone treatment, and after 9 days off them. I am starting to feel normal. Suboxone saved my life.
I went onto Yasmin after being on the Depo injection for a few years, which made my mild acne more like moderate-severe. The Yasmin gradually cleared my skin completely and I 'm so happy with the results (I 've been on it for 3-4 years now). The only thing is, that I 'm also using it as BC and I think over the last few years it has given me bad mood swings, some depression and massively decreased my libido, which have all affected my relationship. I 'm now looking into the Mirena IUS as my Dr is worried about me staying on Yasmin as my family has a history of breast cancer- but I 'm so worried progesterone only options will make my acne come back. I found Yasmin perfect for acne treatment, but it had some unexpected negatives for me personally.
I did physical therapy, icing, resting, every technique to try to stop the pain in my knee. I have osteoarthritis as well. This medication was the only thing that worked and stopped the pain in my knee.  I am so happy my doctor prescribed this drug for me.
I was on the pill (last one was Viorele) for about 10 years before I got my Nexplanon in December of 2014. There was a lot of bruising at the site where it was inserted, but I bruise like a peach so not surprising. It is now June 2015 and I have not had a period yet! No PMS other than some acne flare-ups every few weeks. There has been considerable weight gain (about 25 lbs) since then, but I 've started eating better and exercising, which I should have been doing anyway. It was absolutely free, covered 100% by my insurance. I have 0 complaints!
I have used this product for years and when I have flare ups it works wonderfully for me
I had Implanon inserted in April of 2011 after previously taking Levora birth control. The Levora made me irritable, overly emotional, snippy and even made me crave junk food. I felt like I was PMSing non-stop. After some thorough research, I quit the Levora and decided to have the Implanon inserted. The most painful part was the Lidocaine shot while the actual insertion was pain free. I had some bruising and tenderness for about a week after but that was about it. I started my period the day after insertion, but it only lasted for three days. I 've had no moodiness, cravings or weight gain since having the Implanon inserted. For me, this is the best birth control possible.
Drug is absolutely amazing and SAVED my life. Literally (clinical depression). I sleep like a rock every night, and this drug improved my life in everyway. The only side effect I 've found is it 's actually given me OCD issues that I never had before.
I have really bad flight anxiety but wanted to travel to a family reunion so my Dr. prescribed Lorazepam. I only took 1/2 of a 1mg pill an hour before my flight and I was completely calm for the entire 4 hr flight. I thought it might make me sleepy but I was awake and alert and talked with my family member the entire flight. It was a life saver.
Had nausea from chemo and radiation and was given Zofran. Zofran did nothing to curb the nausea. I was just recently changed over to Compazine and the nausea is gone! I 've not experienced any side effects whatsoever.
I took it for 3 months straight. During the 1st month, my hot flashes reduced, by month 3, it seemed like it wasn 't helping with the hot flashes much, but I noticed a positive side effect. My overall outlook on life was so much better. Little things that once got on my nerves, slid off my back like a ducks. I asked for something different (grass is greener syndrome) because I wanted more.More hot flash reduction, less anxiety. When I stopped I realized I 'd made a terrible mistake. Is been 2 weeks and I 'm ready to kill somebody.Moody? Yes? Irritable? Yes.  Sweating profusely? Yes .I 'm getting back on it today! !!!!
My eyes were the problem as they constantly itched due to hay fever. When I take cetirizine they stop - works a treat.
I don 't have a headache or dry mouth, but I am FREEZING cold!  I am usually just the opposite, my usual 70 degree thermostat setting is now on 75 and I 'm still so cold.  Everyone else is complaining they are hot, so I know it is just me! Weird.... I gave it a 10, because I am not hungry at all, and since it is over 90 degrees (outside), being cold is a good thing ;-)  Certainly better than a headache or dry mouth.
Parnate is a great medicine. It will mess with your sleep cycle and cause severe insomnia but other than that it 's great. It improves mood, lowers anxiety (not perfectly but enough), improves sex drive, it gives you energy and in my case I welcomed slight weight loss. I 've taken up to 40mg day. It 's very important to take Parnate either in the morning or at 2pm. If taken in morning may cause drowsiness at ~2pm. TAKE FOOD WARNINGS SERIOUSLY. If I eat the wrong food my blood pressure definitely increases.
I started taking celexa over a year ago for anxiety and stress. I had some mild side effects the first week, but it has been great since then. I started on 10mg and switched to 20mg after a month and have been at that prescription since. It probably took at least a month before I started noticing a difference. I take it at night and don 't have any troubles sleeping or any other side effects. This medicine has completely changed my perspective. I 'm much more calm and just happier all around. I used to be very high strung and easily stressed, but not anymore! Highly recommend!
I have taken topiramate since June 23, 2015 for weight lose and to help with my type 2 diabetes, I have now lost 25 lbs as of Oct 15 I have also joined Weight Watchers in August because I found that the pills alone were not a miracle pill they do help with not having the carb cravings but you do need to eat well to lose weight. I currently take 50mg in the morning and 50mg at dinner time and do not see any side affects.  At first I did have the tingling in the hands and feet but after a few weeks that went away. I plan on staying on it and staying with the weight watchers and hopefully making my goal weight for the first time I am 50 years old and have been overweight since age 20
Very good medication for panic attacks and severe anxiety. Works fast.
I 've had 3 series of Euflexxa with good relief from bone on bone pain as long as I don 't overdo. They make it easier to walk and reduce general pain and stiffness. They also help significulty with preventing my knee from going into a sublux position. The injections themselves aren 't painful, just uncomfortable. My doctor uses a topical anesthetic and is very gentle. Any pain is brief. I have some very minimal bleeding and swelling at the injection site and take it easy afterward.I 'm so grateful for Euflexxa. I received injections of Synvisc (similar but with actual rooster comb as opposed to a synthetic) before. They worked great and I needed only 1 shot, not 3, but like many, I had a severe painful reaction with repeat injections.
I started Contrave on December 16 weighing 274. I am 5 '5&quot;.  I have done every diet out there, with varying degrees of success. As of this morning, I have lost 32 pounds. My only side affects were queasiness for the first day and dry mouth which I don 't mind because it reminds me to drink water. Within a day or two, I felt better than I had in years. I could actually move easier and without as much stiffness. I am not sure that the medicine is as effective now as in the beginning, but now I am in a routine of what to eat, how much, and how much to exercise. If I exercise 4 days/wk (stationary bike for 45 minutes/11 miles) and eat right I lose about 3 pounds per week. I still eat out occasionally, but just eat less. Very happy.
Ok I am x ems/fire/law enforcement person .I am medically retired from this profession. I drive a commercial vehicle for a living now. I am also a heart patient/diabetic type 2. I get to drive all over the US and Canada. I have read numerous statements that  it doesn 't work or does work. No it may not work for all. I started Monday taking this. It has slowed my hacking down quite a bit. I have not had any side effects of any yet. I 'm about to have triple bypass done. I have tried over counter I found only one bottle of med I could legally use that worked. This seems to work for me at this. I will comment at least twice more  . I will use it up to my surgery date and a comment to all to how good it was or bad. Everyone is different meds.
This drug is so bizarre. I 'm on my 3rd week. I wanted to relapse because I was going to have some beer and whiskey. Bought a pack of American Spirits and planned on smoking. Drank about 4 beers and some  Bourbon. Smoked one. It was gross. Later I smoked another and only got half way through the cigarette. Just tried again, 4 hours after the fist beer and after two tokes on the cigarette the smoke disgusted me. I hadn 't had a cigarette for 6 days. There 's no reward. no nicotine benefit. Whatever this drug does, it does well. I read about the side effects and other than remembering my dreams, I 've had nothing bad. This is a very interesting 3 weeks.
I 've just finished my first pack of Safyral and have no complaints. My skin is noticeably clearer, it has helped to reduce cramping and a heavy flow. I 've had only one strange craving and it 's for sour foods (pickles especially). No bad moods in fact I 've been in a great mood since I 've been on it. I 've pretty much have experience all pros since taking it.
Tikosyn was started in December of 2009 in a hospital setting. At this time two years later I have not been hospitalized for a atrial fibrillation. It has worked well with no side effects. The only downside is remembering to take it at the right time twice a day.
This is my second day on Suboxone and IT IS A MIRACLE DRUG!  I was taking 2 x 80 mg Oxycontin a day and about 10-15 Vicodins a day.   My doctor said that all I needed to do was go home, go to bed and when I woke up I could take the Suboxone in 8 hours.  I woke up took the Suboxone and within about 10 minutes my cravings for any other pills were completely gone.  I wish I would have started this 2 years ago when my addiction became out of hand.  There is NO need to drive around looking for your next fix anymore, get on Suboxone and get your life back like I did!
I 've been on Chateal for about 4 months now and I love it. No scares, I know when my period is coming like clock work. It 's doing it 's job, all I have to do is mine and take it every day at the same time. I 'd recommend it.
Phenergan (promethazine) is very effective for nausea and vomiting. It is generally not used for urticaria or respiratory allergies. It is very strong and will make you drowsy. I recommend taking it when you are going to lay low for a while. We don 't give it IV any more because we had some serious tissue damage reported when it infiltrated under the skin. I am not sure that we still give it IV. Lately, it is either given as a suppository or as a pill.
I LOVE Depo! Been on it for about 2 1/2 years, only side effects are some weight gain (5-10 pounds) and minor cramping once a month maybe. I used to have TERRIBLE periods, ever since my first shot I haven 't had a single period or spotting. It 's nice only having to go in once every 3 months. Definitely 10/10!
I 'm 31 years old, no children ever and recently got the skyla. Prior to getting skyla inserted, I came on  here to read the reviews and wish I didn 't because it definitely scared me, but thankfully, my obgyn was great and explained everything to me. Not to mention, she numbed me prior to inserting the skyla and informed me when I would feel the most amount of pressure which helped A LOT! There was some mild cramps during the first month but since the month has passed, I 've been feeling great - no nausea and no weight gain. There 's some mild cramping, which I never had before but no periods. So for me, it 's working out great and realized only your body can tell you if it 's good or not- and not by others experience.
I am 40 years old and my girlfriend is 24. I had no problems getting an erection but had difficulty keeping it. With this medicine I was able to keep an erection for much longer. Most times for an hour or more. And a couple times even lasted over two hours. Me and my girlfriend have been more then satisfied.
Miracle over the counter drugs for migraines. It makes me wonder why I haven 't heard about this drug until I saw the commercial on TV lol/Don 't drink coffee with this though, it made me very shaky--to the point where my latte was visibly shaking in my grasp :(
Abilify works wonders, but it can have long term side effects.  Blood test are taken every 6 - 8 months to make sure everything is okay.
Started 04/06- update on 06/12.  Have lost 28 pounds thus far.  Goal is to loss another 30lb by September.  No harsh side effects.  Exercising and eating more responsibly from day 1.
This was a wonder drug for me! Had tried so many things from daily Topamax (did nothing), imigran, the snorty (nasal spray?) thing (can 't remember its name), codeine, betapyn, acupuncture, special diets etc and this is the only drug that knocks off the migraine, deals with the nausea and leaves me functional at work. The only other drug I ever found effective was something called a  'migraine cocktail ' that I was given on a work trip in a South African pharmacy - a little selection of about 6 tablets, 2 yellow, 1 pink, a few white. To this day I have no idea what was in it but it killed my migraine (probably nearly killed me, but it worked)! Outside of that, the Relpax is my absolute go-to. I have a script for both the 40mg (small migraines) and 80mg.
Over the past 7 yrs. I 've been on every painkiller known to man. Currently what works for me is Fentanyl 25mg patches and Norco 10/325mg for breakthrough pain. Disabled due to severe back(lower) pain, both hips broke, right knee with osteoarthritis and my right Achilles tendon was torn up by a dog. My combo allows me to function somewhat for up to about 4 hrs before pain level starts rising and I have to stop cause sometimes the pain gets so bad that the meds don 't work. Fentanyl is not for everyone but I would suggest to anyone dealing with severe chronic pain to try it.A patch last 3 days and I have no side effects from it. No constipation either.  I thank my lucky stars that my doc found this combo. I still have bad days but very few.
I have been on Arava for 6 weeks and I also take 5mg of Prednisone.  The medication has been extremely helpful in treating the swelling and soreness of the joints.  I am now able to write, type, stir, laugh and I feel generally so much improvement, it 's like getting my life back after several months of severe pain, swelling and stiffness.
I like this for anxiety.
I love this medication. I bleed super heavy during my cycle. A pad and tampon will last for an hour at most. My doctor wants to do ablation surgery, but I wanted to try the medicine first. It really reduced the bleeding, but my periods went from 9 days to 13.  However, they are light days so I 'm happy. For the first 4 months I got a headache with each dose, but now that has gone away.
I love Tri-Previfem! The only side effect I experienced was a little weight gain during the first few months. My period was much lighter with fewer cramps and my sex drive remained completely normal. I have been taking Tri-Previfem for almost 5 years and I have been currently considering changing to the implant; being in college has created a very hectic schedule and I tend to skip pills constantly and fail to take them on time.
Simply put. Librium saved my life!
This gel is great BUT you have to give it time. I went on it and after four months my acne only cleared a little but then bam! After the next month everything was great and then it 's just all good from there. No random pimples popping up, just time for my scars to fade. I love it. And if you 're a patient person who wants something gentle and not scary for their face, Atralin is it.
I have had undiagnosed RLS for years and had huge horse pills Gralise to take and so many of them with a high fat meal which made me gain weight.  Horizant is so much better just one pill at dinner time and I get my rest. Glad Dr explained to me that each 600mg tablet is actually equivalent to  313mg Gabapentin and not to break it but swallow whole with food.
I was taking FORXIGA for more then 3 months and my blood sugar after any meal was always around 180 -200. I was not happy, so I change doctor. She prescribed me JUNAMET, which I took for the first time this morning, after breakfast and my blood sugar is 126. I 'm happy.
Well I for one do not know what the big hullabaloo was/is about drinking the stuff..no offense to anyone but I 've had worse tap water !! I did put the meds in the fridge but kept my drinking water at room temp.1st dose shot the stuff right down no problem didn 't breathe thru nose.. the water - it 's just 32 oz of water for pete 's sake ! some cramping and nausea 3 hrs all done went to sleep next am-re.2nd dose -much easier took abt 2 1/2 hrs than drank some gatoradeI would never use a straw that just prolongs the agony for those who are so freaked out abt the taste !!! Drink it right done and get it over with !!! I stayed in the bathroom the whole time w/my laptop wouldn 't think of getting more than 5 ' from toilet !  My first colonoscopy-65y
I got my Mirena put in today at my 6 weeks checkup for my C-section and I must say I was terrified at first and was almost reconsidering after every thing bad I have read and searched up on and all the negative comments but I knew the pill wouldn 't work for me and I wanted something with a low hormone dose so Mirena was my only option. I didn 't feel anything painful whatsoever, the worst part of everything was the speculum and that 's like a pap discomfort. It didn 't hurt when they measured my cervix, inserted the Mirena, cut the strings. I mean I felt no pain at all and I didn 't start cramping until about 10 min. after it was all done. So please don 't change your mind just because of horror stories.
Saved my life. I had panic attacks and didn 't know it. I lived in CA where I was diagnosed by a psychiatrist. My anxiety and panic attacks also raise my blood pressure somewhat high. Unfortunately, I moved to WA and I had difficulty finding a doctor who would continue my medical dosage of it at all. I just found a doctor now who will prescribe it.
I am a 32 year old male, 6 '2&quot; 318 before I started taking Adipex.  I was a college football player, so I know how to diet and exercise.  However after having a few kids involved in EVERYTHING, a good job, and a wife that is an incredible cook, I packed on the LBS!  Adipex has given me the energy to hit the gym, and stay involved once I get home too, no crash and burn like a lot of those &quot;energy supplements&quot;.  I do get dry mouth everyday. The first week or so I would almost forget to eat.  You have to force yourself to eat, so if your going to do that you might as well eat healthy.  I am working out 4 times a week for an hour at time.  If I had to guess I am down about 20lbs, I go back to the doctor next week for a weigh in and refill.
I 've been taking this for almost two weeks now. I chose this form of bc because I am fully breastfeeding. I haven 't seen any changes in my breastmilk. The third day on this, I was feeling a bit nauseous for a couple hours. I had a minor headache the first couple of days. I haven 't had those problems anymore. A week into taking the pill, I started spotting. Then today my period is very heavy and watery. But its alot! (Sorry if I 'm too graphic, I just want to be specific for anyone that might want to look up reviews about this bc). I 'm really hoping this heavy period goes away. I 'm going to give it a couple more days.
Been suffering with anxiety since Jan this year, tried natural products,CBT also citalopram. Citalopram made me worse, sick, crying just feeling awful. Doctor suggested Sertraline to which I was very nervous to try, started 25mg for one week then increased to 50mg, no side effects at all. Day 18 on 50mg feel more myself, feeling better daily. My advice don 't read any negative reviews only the positive, give them a go. Def working for me.
Last week I had an old fashioned way of Gallblabber removal (20+ previous surgeries had left behind to many adhesions for a Laproscopic removal).The .5 mg Dilaudid I was given was much better than the Morphine in past surgeries.  Issue:  because I am a middle class lady with insurance seeing a pain management specialist for chronic pain - I was labeled a druggie!!  I was given .5 to 1 mg for my ride home.  I suffered horribly in pain.  .5 is 1/8 the normal dose for most coming out of surgery.  My previous physician (decades) had retired.  He believed NO patient should suffer unnecessarily after surgery!  Not these physicians and not this poor excuse for a hospital.
Started taking qysmia in October of 2014 I 'm 5 '1&quot; weight was 218 45 years oldTook the 7.5 dose for 8 monthsChanged my eating habit and exercised more my biggest thing was giving up soda but it needed to be gone as of May 2015 my weight was 135. I was very pleased but after a year I see the weight creeping back on.. I 'm back on the pills as of August 2016 lets hope I can keep it off this time. oh and the only side effect I had was constipation
I 'm 22, no kids and I just got the Skyla inserted yesterday 2/4/16. I read all these horror stories online and made myself extremely nervous! The whole experience took about 15min from signing in to waiting my turn to the actual insertion to walking out the door. The insertion was very painful but lasted only 30secs! I cramped all day after but nothing ibufrofen couldn 't help. I spotted for a few hours. Used a heating pad to help with the cramps. I switched to skyla from depo and I 'm hoping I made the right choice. Only on day two so I will update when I got back for my follow up.
I have type 2 diabetes and I have had 2 emergency discectomy 's. I was having major erectile dysfunction issues. Long story short, went to doc. He gave me  'truth Serum&quot; injection (my word for EDEX), because he had to measure both flaccid( no problem there) and erect, hence the &quot;serum&quot;.  Told me to go into waiting room. Not fully knowing what was about to happen, it felt like the incredible hulk had managed to get into my shorts. It was amazing. Not only was I alive, ALIVE!! I honestly felt 18 again ( 48 currently).
As a Medic in the US Army, I see a lot of injuries. I give Toradol IM for most severe acute pain. Toradol is one of the best because of it 's versatility; dosage, administration techniques, etc. Plus, it 's an NSAID, not a narcotic, so there 's a lower probability of addiction!
My Dr gave me this medication 10 mg to help get rid of muscle spasms in my upper thighs at night , I have been taking one at night no side effects that I can see seems to help muscle spasms was getting them nightly now I get them  a few time a year..but I 'm afraid of long time use,
April 16, 2009. I have been taking phentermine for a month. When I first started to take this pill I weighed 220lbs and today I weighed in at 200lbs. This pill is the best working diet pill I have tried and I am only taking a phentermine 15.7mg. If you really want to lose weight try this pill. The only side effect I had was cotton mouth but it doesn 't bother at all.
My doctor said the pearls did not work for her but other people said they work great. I tried them and in 20 min my cough was gone!! I see they don 't work for everyone but they worked for me!
3 1/2 years now on Disulfarim.  I 'm a &quot;dry drunk.&quot;  Didn 't do AA Steps. Don 't believe in higher power. I 'd love to drop drink with my buddies. But haven 't since July 2013. Wife drops 500mg tablet into my mouth each morning. Can 't drink for 15 days. If 250mg ain 't working, double dosage to 500mg it will drop you  to your knees if you drink.Allows my wife to send me out on weekends with my buddies knowing I won 't relapse. Alcoholics are weak about stopping and restarting. Disulfarim will solve that. Sexual problems are B.S.  I 'm 53 and diagnosed hyper sexual. No performance problems at all. You don 't think being hammered affects sexual performance. Also, my Doc says I can take forever. I will.
I don 't have any chronic problems. Last weekend I hurt my neck when cleaning the chicken coop and I was in agony for 2 days. Could not sit or lie down without unbearable pain in my neck and left shoulder blade. Went to my chiropractor 2 days in a row. Finally saw my doctor and he gave me Robaxin. What a relief! It stops the muscle tension completely for 4-6 hours. I will use it for a few days along with resting and warm epsom salt baths to be able to continue with my daily life. No side effects for me. Only used it one day.
I have suffered from severe depression most of my life (I am 58) 20 yrs ago I was put on Ritalin.  It changed my outlook and life virtually overnight.  In these 20 years I also took a variety of antidepressants.  None very effective.  Psychotherapy and Ritalin were together the cornerstone of my care and made a normal life possible.
At first before getting the Nexplanon I read horror stories online. But then I was reminded that people that usually don 't have good experiences will share their stories more than those that had good experiences. I got this December 2015. So I 've had it for about two months as of now. The insertion process was very fast and it didn 't hurt very much. The most painful part was the numbing needle. The pain started after. It took me about a month for the bruise to go away in my arm and have no more pain in the site. After getting it inserted I did get headaches but they wouldn 't last very long. Aspirin did the trick. I had my period for two weeks and that was it. I would recommend this for sure to anyone that wants long time effectiveness!
I have tried many of the other brands.  Nostrilia works much better for me than the more expensive other brands.
It 's great. I get songs in my head or find myself humming, and that hasn 't happened for a long time. More random positive thoughts too. And much less of the bad ones. I sometimes feel down, but it 's not often and I think unavoidable. The side affect I notice is phases of vivid bad dreams. More nightmares and more stand that are stressful and occupy my mind too much, which makes me feel less rested.
I am a double amputee with both hips totally replaced. Degenerative arthritis was the reason for the replacements. I am 64 and oxycodone 10mg. three times daily returned my life to me after 11 surgeries. Four months ago, my PCD (primary care doctor said he could no longer prescribe them. I have been in a wheelchair since the removal. Being in a nursing facility was my only option. I get to see a pain management doctor soon and hope I can get my meds back, along with my life.
One application on alternating days in conjunction with fluocinonide topical for two weeks. After bath and thorough foot scrub, apply Rea Lo or fluocinonide first, then regular lotion (I use Vanicream), then occlude with wet wrap therapy method (saran wrap was suggested as alternative, but I found wet wrap much more comfortable to sleep with: put damp socks on over treated feet, then dry socks over damp socks to keep). Great improvement early on, I expect improvement continued, but was less evident in second week. Treatment completed until eczema flares up again. Also helped hands substantially, even though I used less intensive application.
I have had cold sores since I was a baby. People without this simplex don 't understand and are often quite cruel. I have accumalated 30 years worth of inventing new ways to hide my face, and unbelievable lies to explain the sores away. I had tried every method of over the counter medication and ointments to no avail, and every homeopathic trick in the book. Not anymore. The claims are true... Abreva changed everything 2 years ago. You MUST apply the medication at the very first sign of warmth and tingling or it will not work as described. If you wait for full blown bubbly blisters you will not have the optimal outcome. I had the tell tale tingle yesterday, bought a tube of Abreva within the hour, and today it 's dormant and invisible.
I have had my nexplanon for about four months now and I am so happy I got this! The insertion was bearable and I got some breakouts the first week or so but it wasn 't too bad. So far my period has been pretty much regular, I  have a lighter flow which is great and I get fewer cramps. It still lasts about 5-6 days but I 'm not complaining. I haven 't had any spotting in between periods. Also, I never had a history of having headaches but after getting it I do get a few headaches here and there that last 5 minutes but nothing bad. I was nervous because of all these bad reviews, everyone is different but just give it a try, please. So far I am really happy I got it and it could work out for you like it did for me!
Ive been on it for a week now, since switching from metformin I 've noticed no more aches and pains and have been able to workout since the 2nd day of changed! love this Synjardy so far using samples so have no idea on price and insurance but ill deal w that when it comes to it.
I had this inserted at my 6 week check up on 9/18/17. I am 20 with one baby. I have a tilted uterus as well. I took two Advil about an hour before my appointment. I only felt slight cramping a few times during insertion. It didn 't hurt, it was just uncomfortable. I have had period cramps that were worse and after giving birth, it was nothing. I had light spotting for the first couple of days after insertion. I just started to bleed very very lightly today with very mild cramping so I 'm waiting to see if it is my period. My strings need trimmed back more due to hurting my boyfriend during sex. Overall I love it though.
Treatment for Restless Legs Syndrome - I was recently diagnosed with RLS (a condition I thought to be psychosomatic until I got it - it 's real!) I thought my wife and I were going to have to sleep in separate beds due to my tossing, turning, stretching, etc. to get relief.  From the first dose of Skelaxin the problem was eliminated.  It 's a wonder-drug in my personal opinion.
I tried more hypertension medicines than I can count. They all had the undesirable side effect of a mental fogginess. Tribenzor does not have this side effect and has my blood pressure totally under control. I have no lack of mental clarity related to the medicine.The only side effect is very intense dreams. Not necessarily pleasant or unpleasant, just intense.
I 'd been taking Cymbalta for about 2 years when I decided that I didn 't want to pay $30/mo anymore, so I decided that I would wean myself off. I tried and I started getting the brain zaps, like lightening in my head. So I started back, slowly I just started missing a dose here and there until I was able to stop them without the side effects. I 've been off for several months now and I 've noticed that I 've been in more pain and everything that was hurting me before has compounded. So needless to say I 'm starting them back. Appears that I 'm not going to be able to do without it.
Tried a sample from my dermatologist. Worked wonders on the redness on one cheek. My insurance doesn 't cover it and it is really expensive. If I could buy a 50 gm tube for $200 I would do it ASAP.
Just finished my first bottle (30 days) of Stribild.  It is my first HIV medicine.  Before starting my viral load was almost 500,000 and CD4 around 350.  After 30 days (actually less because I had the blood draw a week ago), I just found out today that my viral load is already down to 101 and my CD4 is 450!  I 've also experienced no side effects, aside from a mild headache in the morning once or twice, which I 've attributed to not drinking enough water. I couldn 't be happier.
Just been on lexapro for 14 days getting anxious for complete cycle of lexapro for or system. So far. No real problem with side effects. Great med so far,
Lexapro saved me! I started this two weeks ago and could tell a huge difference after a few days! My anxiety was getting the best of me before I started this medicine. I was having anxiety while driving in the car. I finally realized I needed something to help me. My doctor gave me Lexapro. It works! I did feel like a zombie at first but that side effect is fading away. Lexapro has given me my happiness back!
I started this medication after I basically had a nervous breakdown in June 2013. I couldn 't function as a mother, I felt scared &amp; nervous all the time, lights were too bright, sounds were too loud. I couldn 't deal with all of the things that needed to be done around the house. Started out at 30mg for 2 weeks then went up to 60mg. Made me super tired in the afternoons at first. (take around 7am). Cymbalta slowly brought me out of the  'fog ' I was in, it took about 6-8 weeks before I could say I felt  'normal ' again; whatever that is, right? 
Protopic helped my wife in vitiligo treatment. She has been using 0.03% for face, and 0,1% for body, and it reduced vitiligo almost completely within several months, without any side effects.
After a diagnosis of Stage IIIA Breast Cancer, 2 separate modified radical surgeries with lymph node removal and chemotherapy, I was then put on Arimidex.  Had major joint pain, body aching, nauseous and anxiety, to name a few.  I tried NSAIDs and many narcotic medications without success.  Eventually, I was put on AVINZA three years ago.  FINALLY RELIEF!  I have no side effects from AVINZA.  I take a capsule every 12 hours.  The dosage has been varied but little else is required for breakthrough.  I don 't know what is different about this narcotic but thankfully, it works for me.
The most effective Parkinson 's drug I have tried.  For me, works substantially better to control muscle pain and rigidity than Azilect, Neupro, Mirapex, Ropinirole, Rytary or Carbidopa/Levodopa alone.  It improves my dexterity and cognitive ability better as well.  Too much of it can be sedating, but otherwise, side effects are very manageable.  I would be in a world of hurt without this medication.
I am 23 and took ortho tri cyclen lo (OTCL) for about 5 or 6 years. I started taking it to regulate my cycle, for lighter periods, less cramping and all the other positives the pill boasts (and got it!). I am a pretty emotional gal and this seemed to somewhat help. At worst I would say it had no effect on my mood swings but at least it did not make them worse.  over the time I took the pill i gained weight and my boobs grew a cup and 1/2, but i would not blame the weight gain on the pill. OTCL even has cute little cases that you can get from the website for free which i liked and used. I would have stayed on OTCL if I was better about taking it on time and if it were not so expensive ($50 retail, $10-30 w/ insurance)
After trying numerous medicines for my persistent nausea this one is the most helpful with the least side effects. Main side effect is inability to concentrate so I can 't drive on high doses but I do have a very sensitive system and tend to experience many side effects. But with that being about it I 'm glad to have it to rely on.
Works within 20 mins and lasts about 3 hours.
Thank you Plan B! on May 5th (Friday) I had intercourse with my boyfriend and he finished inside of me! a complete mess! I was sure I would of gotten pregnant off of that! I freaked out and ran to pharmacy and took the pill within 1 hour. On Sunday May 7th the same thing happen again! (I know I know shame on me!) but once again he slipped up and I took the pill within 1 hour again, I had no side effects expect tiredness and today I got my period May 12th! Thank god! I know plan b works because obviously I got my period so I 'm not pregnant but I also know I 'm very fertile so that fact that I 'm very fertile and considering my boyfriend came  inside of me and I didn 't get pregnant thanks to Plan b that 's a true miracle!
After my teen years I thought I had finally gotten my skin under control. I 'm in my early 20s now and Proactiv just wasn 't cutting it anymore. I was developing cystic acne along my jawlines and cheeks which I have never had before. I then tried the new Proactiv   which made my skin so unbelievably dry and much, much worse. I finally decided to go to the dermatologist and got a prescription for Aczone. For my first use, I put it on right before bed and the next morning the bumps were for the most part flat. I was amazed! I 've now been using it for 10 days and it 's crazy how much better my skin is. It 's on it 's way to being completely clear and not dry at all! This is a miracle product!
This is my experience so far for anyone considering a Mirena coil. I ummed and erred for months because of negative reviews and my concerns were:1) Would insertion hurt? The answer was no, I 've had more painful cervical smears than the insertion of my mirena coil.2) Would it mess with my monthly cycle? Yes, it did. I bled constantly, (in an array of colours!) for the obligatory 3 months that the GP told me to wait, until my body got used to it. Then it was another month before I finally went back to my GP and said &quot;Help&quot;. She gave me a progesterone pill told me to take it for a month. I only took it for only one week! It did the job, I stopped bleeding and have gone on to a normal cycle. My periods only last a couple of days, do not hurt and are light, (just a smear of blood). I am 47 and compared to the heavy periods I was having before, it 's a walk in the park.3) Would I put on weight? No, not so far. I feel thinner around the middle.4) Would I loose my sex drive? No, not so far. I was worried about this, however I am happy to say that I have noticed no difference. Sex is just as welcome and enjoyable as before.5) Would I get spots? No. The doctor told me that this was less likely because the hormonal content is tiny and localised to the womb. She was right.All in all it was the right decision for me. I am very happy. I hope this post helps others.
So far my experience is everything that I knew it could do...FASTER INSULIN is what we need and afrezza is here!  Afrezza works in 12-15 minutes and todays meal time insulins (Humalog &amp; Novalog) work in 45-60 miniutes...So I NO longer have the post meal highs. Having a higher blood sugar after every single meal long term does a lot of damage to ones body. Afrezza works right away and I no longer spike high after a meal. I used to be afraid to eat because I knew that my sugar would start to rise. Having a blood sugar that is high is only something diabetics would relate to and let me tell you this, I wouldn 't wish is upon my worst enemy.  Afrezza also leaves in the body in 45 minutes! Did I mention NO NEEDLES ?
I first started taking Serzone after a brain injury in 1987 it work great, then they decide to take it off the market.  I then took the generic Nefazodone  and it has help me more then other drugs for depression. I wish they kept the Serzone it did work better, but the only one I could tolerate was Nefazodone every other drug made me sick. PS it is hard to get the prescription filled in the Seattle area.
Opana ER was the absolute best pain medication for long term use that I have ever used.  I was on the medication for approximately 21/2 to 3 years until I developed a severe itching problem (head to soles of feet) from its use.  If that had not happened I would still be using it and be virtually pain free 24/7.
I 'm a 28 year old guy with erection difficulty, mostly I think from performance anxiety and just life anxiety too. I 've taken Viagra when I need it for over a year now and it is AMAZING. It will give you firm and lasting erections an hour before taking it..I take 50 mg but find sometimes I take 75 mg if I know I 'll have a longer night with the girlfriend ;) Now, it is expensive...even with insurance it costs about $30 per 100 mg pill. So splitting it would be $15 per 50 mg dose but it is SOO worth it being happy with my girlfriend..it has improved confidence in my sex life immensely..not always worrying if I can get and maintain an erection.The side effects for me (but manageable): stuffy nose, headache, bloodshot eyes, heartburn.
I was using Mucinex DM and just wasn 't doing the trick for me.  I wasn 't sleeping at night.  So got this and I am slowing getting back to sleeping without being interrupted with coughing.
I was a little skeptical to try a new drug but when my Daytrana went on backorder, I listened to my doctor and glad I did.  I HATE to swallow pills and didn 't want to carry around any syrup with me so this works perfect for me.  Actually taste like orange! Which as you know most drugs don 't actually taste like the flavor they say it should so I was pleasantly surprised.  I got to try it out free for the first month and will be continuing to use in the future!
Day 20 no smokes can 't believe it.  Have had most of the side effects but just keep on going and think they won 't last forever.  Been smoking over a packet of 30 a day for 40 years.  JUST KEEP GOING
I was put on  Glipizide ER after having bad side effects from Metformin ER. Had the diarrhea with it.  Have had no problems with Glipizide.
I 've had acne since I was 12 years old. I used a lot (and I mean a lot) of acne products, even Accutane and Tactuo, and none of them worked for me. I am now 20 years old and after using Benzaclin, my acne completely disappeared!! My face is really smooth now! The only things left are my scars that I 'm working on to remove. :)
If you are prescribed Bactrim, take a probiotic with each pill and the side effects usually go away. Probiotics are over the counter. Before I could not take Bactrim or Keflex. Now no problem. I am on Bactrim for boils and taking the probiotic. 
The medicine really works, which is great!!!! If you take it with a glass of milk, you wont even taste it.
Just had a hysterectomy last Wednesday, I have been having &quot;very little&quot; if at all bowel motions. I woke up this morning in excruciating abdominal pain. I took 2 doses in orange juice and I produced my first bowel motion in 1 hour! Wow! More fiber, water, ambulation and Miralax should keep me regular.
I have a very bad cold and not getting much sleep. Took two Benadryl and feel much better. 
I originally got prescribed the Nuvaring because I had horrible menstrual problems but I also now use it as actual birth control as well. It was strange to me at first because of the insertion, but now it 's easier and nothing new. The only thing I 'd have to say that I didn 't like at first with this birth control was the nausea, dizziness and mood swing I had within the first (about) three months. I still have mood swings sometimes, but I think it 's just an age thing. I also have not gained any unwanted weight from using this contraceptive, which is a huge thing for me. Overall, I 'd have to say I really like this birth control and would recommend it to anyone that can handle it.
I 've been taking Lo LoEstrin for 2 years now. This contraceptive is expensive if you 're paying out of pocket but really amazing, definitely the best I 've tried thus far. I highly recommend it, especially if you 're petite or susceptible to nausea, acne, and other side effects associated with higher dose pills. The last time I checked, it was the lowest dose BC on the market so if you 've suffered from side effects on higher dose pills you should consider switching over. I 've had zero side effects other than a slight increase in breast size, which is a HUGE change considering how bad I felt during my years on LoEstrin, Ortho Tri Cyclen, and Yasmin. Glad to have found this one!
After getting pregnant at sixteen while faithfully using the Depo shot tri-monthly,  I was a little worried about what my next birth control method would be. Well, while in the hospital after giving birth to my son who is now two, I decided to get the Implanon.  I haven 't had a single problem yet two years in I don 't think about it at all. All I need to remember is on my sons third birthday, it will be time for a replacement!  That simple. This is perfect for me. Would lose my head if it weren 't attached me. Don 't be afraid because of bad reviews.
I can 't take it on an empty stomach. I have to take it every four hours. Makes me sleepy. My dentist prescribed this for me yesterday.
Had a Synvisc One shot about 2 years ago and experienced ZERO relief so I almost gave up on these types of injections. My right knee was hurting so bad that I had to reconsider. My new doctor  told me that he has had the best experience with Euflexxa. This medication is a once per week injection for 3 weeks. I go in to get my first injection and the doctor told me to not expect much however, a day later, I could 100% feel a significant improvement in my knee. While my knee will never be 100%, I rate this product so high because my knee pain has reduced at least 60-70% which to me is a miracle. I have 2 more injections to go and on my last injection they will also be doing PRP therapy to my knee.
I suffer from severe pelvic and abdominal adhesions and severe pelvic pain as a result. It was from a combination of several surgeries, GI issues, endometriosis, bleeding ovarian cysts etc. I am going to be 30 this year and the condition has robbed me of most of my twenties. For years I have tried Percocet, Dilaudid, Lortab, oxycodone, dihydrocodeine, injections in my nerves, Lyrica, topimarate. They only work for a short time and then I have to pretty much live my life around my pain medicine schedule. Then after my last 2 surgeries, the pain got better and was slightly okay with Lortab but not good enough. I started MS Contin 15mg twice a day last week and I have been virtually pain free. I even forget to take the second dose sometimes.
I 've been on Prolia for just over 1 year. Just had my 3rd shot. It is so much easier than taking pills which I did have problems with. I will get another bone scan this fall and will find out how I am doing on Prolia. I love that it is just every 6 months. Pretty much painless shot. No side effects at all.
Nardil was definitely my wonder medicine. From being scared to go out my door, or have visitors I eventually worked in a large secondary school moved house achieved many things I never dreamt I would do BUT then I was informed it was being discontinued. I was then put on isocarboxazid and problems getting those so then put on Menerix and my condition returned. I have just tried CYMBALTA but having bad side effects so told to come off. Wish I knew what medicine was as good as Nardil.
This medicine really works. After trying multiple things and getting frustrated with seeing no results, this finally cleared my skin. It took me about 6 weeks (I 'm on a three month dose), so it does take a bit of time. But stay consistent with the medicine and it does wonders. I 'm so appreciative of this. Doxy did nothing. Tried new washes and all the home remedies I could find. Even though there are marks left on my face that I 'm working to get rid of, my face is smooth and feels great again.
After 15 years of being diagnosed with high cholesterol, Crestor did the following for me in three months - dosage 20mg:Before: Total Cholesteral 379, HDL 64, LDL 286After using Crestor: Total cholesterol 226, HDL 74, LDL 107.My doctor had never seen such positive results in his practice - ever!
Has been working great for me, I am currently taking this with Klonopin and have been getting the best nights of sleep I 've had in years! I have tried them all to, Ambien CR, Sonata, Rozeram, Restoril and lorazapram to help calm me down before sleep. For some reason with everything but Lunesta, I would always end up waking up in the middle of the night and never be able to fall back asleep. I don 't wake up groggy with this medicine either, am literally feeling the most rested and energetic during the day that I can remember filling since I was a kid.
I have been a sufferer from what was thought to be very bad headache  'attacks ' but as I later began to doubt this I was told by my GP that my headaches could actually be migraine attacks. I was given sumatriptan tablets to see if this would help in combating the onset of my headaches and stop them all together and not just preventing a headache from developing into a migraine. I used to suffer from full blown migraines from time to time (once or twice a month) and less severe attacks in between. Now as soon as I begin to feel any kind of eye or neck strain or light sensitivity I know am going to be okay. Ask your GP about Sumatriptan medication. Highly recommended
This stops the bleeding.  I have been bleeding heavy for 4 weeks. This worked and i actually feel better! ? Happier and more energetic!
This drug has saved my life at least once.  I took it when I was pregnant and had unrelenting morning sickness that wasn 't helped by any other medications.  I 'm now taking it again for nausea caused by severe pain (as well as the nausea caused in turn by pain medications, as I seemingly can 't win on that one).  But perhaps most importantly, it was the only drug that got me out of opiate withdrawal when I had the stomach flu.  Without this, I would have been in the hospital because I couldn 't otherwise keep anything down and without opiate therapy the withdrawal and the pain combined could easily have killed me.  The only possible drawback is cost; even the generic would be completely out of reach for someone without insurance.
I 've been on this pill for a week and a half. So far the only side effect increased libido, and I mean it 's increased a lot. No period ,no breast size changes. I will keep taking this pill until I 'm ready to settle down and have children.
I have only been on this for a few weeks after switching from Lo loestrin. So far no mood changes which has been great because that was one of my biggest issues! No cramping or abnormal bleeding. So far I am extremely pleased with Ortho Cyclen.
I suffer from major depression and was placed on Cymbalta 6 yrs ago. I took myself off against my doctor 's advice. Life became hopeless and all I though about was wanting to die. Now I 've been back on it for 18 days and I 'm on top of the world. The future looks bright and I 'm certainly enjoying the present!
Wow. I 've had mild rosacea for years and had heard about this medication but was unable to take it because I was pregnant then nursing.  I saw results in just over a week. I don 't even need to use the Metrogel anymore. I take it at night with a glass of water and have never had any side effects. I definitely recommend this. Luckily my copay is only $25 month. I was told to be careful with sun exposure while taking this but it 's winter so I 'm hoping this isn 't a problem in summer.
This medication addressed inappropriate crying and laughing that has plagued me since a right frontal lobe aneurysm rupture 10 years ago. Took a few weeks to adjust to the side effects but well worth the effort!
I 've been taking Cafergot / ergotamine for over 25 years and it 's the only med that actually relieves small cluster headaches to full blown migraines. I don 't even want to try another because this works so fast with no side effects. I see where the pharmaceutical companies are trying to take it off the market. Please don 't. I honestly don 't know what I 'd do if it were no longer available.
Cataflam is a life saver but it takes about an hour after swallowing to start working. I take 2 at a 6 hr interval and can take up to six at the end of the day, but that 's only for the first day of the period. 
I 've been taking TriNessa for about 3 years now, and I was prescribed Trinessa because I had a long history of moderate to severe acne. With my experience every new method of treating acne usually makes your skin worse before it gets better. For those quitting after a few months, I know the pain I 've been there. But it took a solid 6 months to year before it worked for my acne. At 6 months my skin started to gradually clear, and after a whole year, I had 99% clear skin. It 's been a miracle for me. You just have to be patient. If you are willing to wait that long, it 's worth it. I wonder that if you 've never had a history of moderate to severe acne, Trinessa might not be the best bc option.
I have been taking them for a week and have been dieting for 5 weeks previous. I wanted to share my experience after reading the reviews, this product already is  working for me and I see weight not going on after eating high calorie foods. There is a side effect that I totally agree with but I laugh about it, its the toilet visits. The smell is hard to beat!, just laugh it off its working. It 's like having a curry from the night b4 so bit runny, its like that most of the time now, just get used to it. It looks like the fatty oil you have at the top of a delivered curry that you spoon off, when you wipe it feels like a thin cooking oil so don 't be surprised when it happens, just laugh it off
This medication is a miracle for me! I have had migraines for 26 years and tried just about everything. My neurologist prescribed this in an attempt to get rid of a 3 week migraine. I took the spray as directed and within an hour I was headache free. I have no side effects, no bad taste, nothing. It is truly my miracle!
I was literally terrified to insert this on day one because of reviews saying that the pain was excruciating. Just wondering if you guys had a severe infection and irritation down there or something when you used it cause I felt 0 pain or discomfort at all. And I had really worked myself up before inserting it cause I was so scared about the possible pain. Monistat 3 worked wonderfully for me. Hope this helped.
I am a 45 year old male who has suffered from IBS since my teens.  Nothing has been successful until I went to Italy and learned about Donnatal.  When I returned to the States i asked my Dr. about Donnatal and he said it was an old medicine, which he hasn 't prescribed in years. He gave me a prescription and my pains, and loose bowl movements have stopped.  I have been taking this medicine for 3 months and now I can function normally.. now I have my life back.  I reported this to my Dr. who was surprised and has started to prescribe it again with some great feedback.I find the liquid Donnatal works best.  I can even drink Coffee again.
Causes dizziness, dry mouth.
I had good results with this in using it for 1 month as directed.  I found it easy to use. I didn 't experience any negatives like others mentioned.  The only problem was the cost.  $95.00 a month and that 's with insurance.  I asked my doctor if there is anything cheaper and she told me to used Crisco 2x a week and Yuvafem once a week. I have and it works!  I have not experienced pain during intercourse and I cut the cost of using Yuvafem in half.  It sounds weird, but I thought it was worth sharing.
I started taking this medicine within 72 of possible infection as a condom broke during sex and I totally freaked out as the other guy was positive .. and no side effects at all .. It 's only been 2 days and I 'm glad that this medication is helping a lot of people who are positive with the ease of the med
I had it put in in September 2011, had one period a couple weeks later but after that one, nothing since. I 'm in the military and even with all the hard work and physical demands, it has had ABSOLUTELY ZERO negative side effects and sex is way better now because we don 't have to worry about getting pregnant! It was surprisingly easy to insert into my arm too...try it!
I 'm 20 years old and I 've definitely gained weight and my breasrs have gotten bigger since I started this medication, but I 'm not too worried about those things.  The only problem with it is having an extremely long and heavy period.  At first I was using Ortho Evra, but had to switch to Xulane because of insurance.  Other than the heavy periods, everything is fine.  They are regular and even if my boyfriend and I don 't use condoms, we 've never even had a scare.  It works perfectly.
I took Lo Loestrin Fe for 2 years and honestly loved it. I switched briefly to the generic version for a month, and it was freaking awful, so I switched back to Lo Lo right away. Only issue I encountered on it was that I ovulated over the BC.. which resulted in extreme breast tenderness &amp; growth (for about 2-3 weeks) and weight gain. When this first happened to me I really thought I was pregnant, after a test came out negative I went to my OBGYN and she explained that it was too low a hormone level to properly regulate my cycle. Hence the ovulation. So then I switched to generic and ended up just switching back again. I finally stopped taking Lo Lo after the 2nd time I ovulated over the pills and got an IUD. Overall though, great BC
Passed a 6 mm stone.  It was stuck for 4 days, I went to the hospital and was given Flomax and sent home.  It passed in 2 days.  It worked for me.
I have adult cystic acne that was very painful all along the chin and around the mouth. A week on the doxycycline cleared up my face and I had only very minimal pimples (and not cystic) for a few weeks after. But after three months it is completely gone. Not sure what will happen when I come off it! Keep your fingers crossed for me.
Xanax is amazing! In 2010 I was overwhelmed with emotions. My mother had a stroke in March of that year and at the same time me and my wife were expecting our 1st child. All these emotions led to me having depression and anxiety I was finally diagnosed in 2012 with anxiety disorder/panic attacks. They prescribed me Xanax 0.5mg one a day and it works miracles in my daily life.
My doctor prescribed this for inflammation in my lower back area, I have been on it for one week. My shoulder and neck pain is gone almost completely and my back feels a lot better.  As of today its been 5 days I have been on this product. The info says it takes two weeks..am hoping it just gets better. Very impressed.
We have used Ornex for over 30 years and find it to be the most effective remedy for sinus headaches and the like.  The non-drowsy formula allowed my husband to take it when operating heavy equipment.  It is easy to use but very hard to find these days.  We have never experienced any adverse side effects from its use.  Please put it back on the market!
I was diagnosed with ADHD in 6th grade and have taken Stattera ever since. I am a college student now and its worked so well for me that I continuously make good grades. I would recommend this medicine to anyone who is having problems finding one to work.
Zanaflex is &quot;the best&quot; muscle relaxer besides Xanax.  It will dry your mouth out but the good outweighs that.  This will put you to sleep in  30-45 minutes.  No hangovers and memory loss and getting up in middle of night and eating like Ambien makes you.  Can take 1/2 during day when required for tight, knotty, hard muscles that hurt so bad from multiple bad surgeries.
I have suffered RLS since about 5 years of age.  Now 78.  Nothing would stop it - neurologists tried all usual medication, permoglide, rivotril, etc.  Then saw new GP in 60 's who also suffered badly and he had in desperation tried oxycontin with great relief.  Suggested I tried one 10 mg tablet before going to bed or when travelling as passenger in car - this was intolerable.Found tablet worked like magic and although reliant on it still take same 10 mg but one tablet first thing in morning and one prior to going to bed - about 1 hour before.  Found it does not always work at night so I can be up until 3 am walking the floor nearly going insane as pain in legs is so bad.  However, 90% of time I do get incredible benefit.
I had Skyla inserted February 2016. Yes, as all the other comments and reviews have stated, it was the most painful experience  'down under ' that I have ever been through. I am a 26 year old with no children. I had spotting for the first couple of weeks with extremely harsh cramping. My first period was normal, with every cycle becoming lighter and lighter. I am now 4 months into having the Skyla inserted and I couldn 't be happier! The cramping has subsided, only arising around the time when I am on my cycle. I haven 't noticed any weight gain and my sex drive is through the roof! (I don 't feel it during intercourse either!) The only reason I didn 't rate Skyla 10/10 is because of the painful insertion. Otherwise, I am completely happy!
I started Ziana one month ago. I am 26 and have had severe cystic acne from the age of 16. I haven 't worn makeup for the last two weeks because I DO NOT need to hide anything anymore. Wooohooo!! It made my skin red/peel for a week and half but not so much that I needed to hide. I can wear the gel during the day because it doesn 't flake or peel like most gels do. My pores are much smaller and I couldn 't be happier. I now only need to use it about twice a week. Love this product!
Hi everyone.  2 weeks ago me and bf have the sexy moment together.  When I checked the ovulation calendar, I was expecting to ovulate! I was so scared and I took plan B within 1 hour. 2 weeks sleepless night and with help of traditional herbs, I got my period today. Exactly the day I was supposed to get! So thanks plan B. Thanks a lot! For ladies who still waiting their period, don 't be scared. Plan B will help you. Be safe everyone!
I was put on Trulicity because I had an allergic reaction to Medformin and Tragenta.  I had so much anxiety about taking Trulicity after reading the reviews.  I took my first shot on Thursday and today is Sunday.  I have had minimal side effects.  I felt a little achy in my shoulders and next but it only lasted 2 days.  I have not had any of the other side effects.  It does curb your appetite but not to where I can not eat. When I would wake up in the morning my readings would range from 140-158 and now that are around 110-115 which is amazing.  I would wake up with headaches and no more headaches.  I am very pleased with the results and very thankful for minimal side effects.
I 've had bad breakouts throughout my life, but when at 23 I had the worst break out of my life. Not only did it last longer than six months, I couldn 't ignore it - I had pimples around my eyes literally poking into my vision. Every time I saw myself without makeup I wanted to cry. Then I found Epiduo. It broke me out before it got better, every blocked pore and blackhead came to the surface. My skin burnt, especially around the eyes, so keep it away from that area! But stick with this, (and stopping drinking milk, which I found out was the cause of the blocked pores). I 've now got the smoothest skin I 've ever had in my life.
This took EXACTLY 12 weeks for it to hit. It gets worse before it gets better. I broke out so bad throughout the whole process and my eyelids would get dry for some reason. But it WORKS. It was a rough three months, but when it hits you, you know it 's finally working. Tough it out and you will see results. I get maybe one breakout a month now, but it 's hormonal. I will probably always stay on this cream and am currently getting laser genesis to help with the scarring.
Headache treatment is different for everybody, but this is the only medicine that has ever worked for me.  It gets rid of the headache 95% of the time!
I was taking an acid reducer called Ranitidine quite often over  a 3 year period.  Doctor prescribed 40mg Protonix for 28 days and my stomach  felt so much better. Now going without the medication for 10 days, it feels as if my stomach is not doing so well. Doctor advised that I take 20 mg when needed. Bottom line - it worked for me.
I am a 48 year old married mom of four 5&quot;1 176 lbs. My doctor told me I needed to lose 20 lbs to start and eventually an additional 35 lbs to avoid high blood pressure as well diabetes. I have Medifasted, grapefruit diet, Weight Watchers with no success. I did many over the counter rip offs. This medicine works... four months, lost 26 pounds and I am going down the right road. Still have a way as to go but know I will win. I am not starved and eat well just make better choices easier then I ever thought this could be. This is a product that worked for me and should work for you.
I have taken Lexapro 20 mg for many years for depression and Generalized Anxiety Disorder. Only side effects (male) are unable to achieve orgasm, which can be frustrating if you let it. But, I tried Viibryd which was to &quot;improve&quot; Lexapro (no sexual side effects and no weight gain - which I never had weight gain anyway). Viibryd was awful. Did not help depression OR anxiety, and I was ravenously hungry. I insisted on going back on Lexapro. It is tried and true for me. Stick with it; it takes 6-8 weeks to be fully effective. 
Having felt sick for the better part of the last year, many side effects of pain in my neck due to 3 bulging discs,  I was recently hospitalized with heart palpitations but nothing seems to be wrong with my heart. My doctor thought I may be having depression due to all my physical pain. She started me on 25 mg of zoloft two weeks ago and increased it to 50 mg today.  I 'm feeling a positive change already. Not dwelling on my feelings of pain and sickness.  I will continue zoloft as the side effects are minimal compared to the benefits
I have been taking Ativan for a few days while I wait for Lexapro to kick in. It has been a life saver. It has allowed me to eat and sleep, which has been huge in this fight against anxiety. It really helps mellow me out and take the edge off.
I first found Afrin while in Vegas. I was super stuffed up, worse than ever before. I tried out the Severe Congestion version and it cleared me up almost instantly, it was awesome. This version has a Vicks type chemical which burns big time but only for a moment. The original formula is not like that but works well but not as quick, 5-10 minutes maximum. I have been taking it daily for a year and have had no issues. After reading these articles, I will consult with my doctor. The only side effect I have experienced is the same with every sinus spray, the rebound effect has made the symptoms a little bit worse. 
I 've had delayed sleep phase syndrome, mood disorder and ADHD all my life, due to brain injury at birth and a family pattern of delayed sleep phase syndrome. I managed a successful professional career but with great difficulty and with struggles with different medications. I way overused caffeine, with mixed results and side effects.  Provigil has been wonderful and I wish it had been available when I was a child and in school and working. I feel normal and alert and not constantly fighting sleepiness, inattention and depression. I can 't help wondering how much better I might have done with this medicine. It is helping me with my second career as an artist.  
I never responded to any medication for anxiety and depression, which was made worse by most medications. Deplin was a miracle for me. I started to use it this summer and my response was immediate. My response seemed to pop out this summer but I learned that some people can have this response and need to lower the dose and start and stop the medication. Also my response could have been do to the Klonopin that I reduced after 20 years of usage. Overall this medicine was a miracle for me..
I have had INTRACTABLE PAIN since 1989. I am in an INTRACTABLE PAIN Clinic since 1989. My pain, without drugs, is 10, 24/7/365. Without pain medicine I was bed bound, 24/7/365, for 4 years. I tried a number of medicines, which worked well. Then in 1995, I discovered Levo-Dromoran, 2mg. It is the best medicine I have ever taken and I have had all of them. It gave me my life back! I have never had any side-effects. The ONLY problem, is they can 't supply it all year long. Approximately every September, my pharmacy can 't obtain it for about 4 - 8 weeks. I take Opana when they run out of Levo.
I am giving it a 9 only because I have only been on it a few days. It works. I used to get so tired just doing my grocery shopping and have to sit 2 or 3 times during and feel like I can go for miles now. I do notice in the reviews the different ways people are using it. I was told after inhaling to rinse mouth thoroughly as the medicine can cause thrush. Anyway, I have a little chest tightness and get a bit of a headache at first but that goes away after about 30 minutes. 
I have been on this injection for three months and it has changed my life! I wake up happy not worrying about what day of the month it is and being totally pain free From this awful disease! It has stopped the inflammation of the endometriosis which is growing all over my womb and ligaments and I 'm not bleeding every 21 days! My skin in perfect my nails strong and weight has stayed the same despite an increase in appetite ! No heaving floods or crippling cramps and bowel pain! Also just started Taking the Tipolone to counteract bone issues just dreading the last zoladex injection and getting my periods back for that three month stop gap. 3 months of misery . But side affects have been hot flushes and anxiety hoping tipolone works.
I started out on a 100 mg..  Best sleep. Wake happy. Ready to go. I love it. Perfect for me.
Valium makes me Stutter about 80% less! Wonderful medicine if taken the right way. I can be normal like everybody else, don 't know what I would do without it.
I 've been on Loestrin 24 Fe for 10 months. So far...- No weight gain - Light periods (2-3 days), occasionally no period- Fewer acne- Decreased my sex drive a little (I had crazy sex drive, so it 's a good thing to me)- Does its job when it comes to protection, no pregnancy. - No mood swingSometimes it takes a bit of work to find a pill that will work with your body. In my case, Loestrin 24Fe works fine with me. I 'm a very petite person that 's about 4 '11 and 90 lb.
I have been using it for chronic back pain and for cancer it has helped me a great deal, mine was prescribed by my doctor at the hospice in England so I was not out of pocket. The medicine works wonders, really helping my pain.
It works great! It helps numbs the pain a lot which helps. It also speeds up the healing process. If I start using it the second I feel the tingle sometimes the blister doesn 't even form! If I can 't get another tube before it starts to blister but I can get to it within a day, it shortens the time I have it from 7 days to only 2 maybe 3. Totally worth it! I 've dealt with these all my life, it 's nice to have something out there that works.
Need Something over the counter now...This stuff works. Use as directed every 4 hours and promise you your nausea and vomiting will disappear.. I still think Zofran (Prescription ONLY) is the best stuff but this is a close second for over the counter.
Thyroid supplements are really hard on my stomach &amp; I couldn&rsquo;t take them for long. I found out most have lactose in them; Levothroid does not. If you&rsquo;re lactose intolerant or have digestive problems, I would highly recommend trying Levothroid. Going on 6 years now and no ill effects.
I wanted to say that I have been taking this medication for about 3 months now. To put it into perspective, I told my doctor that I had actually laughed the previous week. I have chronic pain from spinal arthritis, foot, knee, and leg pain from arthritis and spinal nerve pain from damage from shingles. I was miserable. I still have pain, and have to be careful not to overdo it, or I have break through pain. But this is a good thing because I don 't want to do more damage to my joints. I take gabapentin for nerve pain. I wanted to say that my doc prescribed an asthma puffer to put medication on my skin before I apply the patch. I spray it on by depressing the puffer, and then spread it very gently. No rash. I forgot once and had blisters.
Had a colonoscopy for the very first time and they used propofol. They told me I might stay awake during the procedure but that most people decided/tried to fall asleep anyways (I didn 't even have to make a decision because 2 seconds after the nurse plugged it into my IV, I was out cold!) When I woke up, I didn 't remember a thing from the procedure, and I was only asleep for maybe twenty minutes after the procedure finished. The only side effect I noticed was that I had the giggles for about fifteen minutes after I woke up--I couldn 't stop laughing at everything! That might 've just been because I was tired, but it was really funny!
I take this whenever I 'm out where there will be loads of people or crowding. It stops my anxiety attacks from becoming full blown. I feel relaxed and at ease, but when I take more than 2 pills in a day I start to feel drowsy and nauseous. But I rarely take more than 2, I love this medication, it works great for social anxiety.
This medication has been extremely helpful to me. 7 months ago, I developed IBS, which made me very nervous about my stomach. I slowly became nervous about everything, not knowing that my anxiety was more than just &quot; little worries.&quot; I was afraid to go to important events, thinking something bad could suddenly happen to me all the time. My mother was noticing these changes in my personality, so then made me go to a therapist. That was when I was suggested to be put on Paxil. I was afraid to take Paxil, but when I was finally forced to, I noticed changes within a week with just 5mg. I moved up to 10mg, and everyone could see changes in how I acted everywhere. I am currently still on 10mg, but even a little can do a lot, even for you!
I 've been taking Gabapentin for hot flushes brought on by an anti-hormone aromatase inhibitor pill called Femara. The therapeutic does is 300 mg three times a day. It 's working like a charm.
I 've been taking Innopran XL for almost 2 years now, and I 've had one headache in that time frame. Previously used to get 2 a week. It has changed my life.
After being on Depo Provera for five years, I decided to try the Nuvaring. After having my second and last child, I went back to the Nuvaring. I love not remembering taking a pill daily and the ability to skip periods (there is still a chance of breakthrough bleeding, but it is light). I am diabetic, so the amount of estrogen in contraceptives is a concern; the Nuvaring has 15 micrograms which is lower than many OC 's (besides Lo Loestrin Fe which has 10). Unlike OC and POP, weight is not a factor with effectiveness. At first, the side effects I experienced were breast tenderness and vaginal irritation. The side effects went away after the second month. I had to get used to the insertion, but now it is no problem.
I thank Xanax for making me a better mom. I was mean to everyone around me and I took the motto &quot;this is who I am&quot; to heart. It was not until my mother died after having my third child that I actually realized my angry childhood and anger in this world was not to blame on any one but my own feelings. After taking Xanax and some therapy, I am a new person. I would not be able to live without it. I do not abuse it. I only take the amount prescribed by my doctor and no more. I also take Paxil which helped me a lot as well, but without the Xanax, I would not be living. Participating with my life and most of all my children. I read to them now we go on picnics and wilderness hikes. I love my life, now!
I absolutely loved OrthoTriCyclen! I was always irregular and had very bad mood swings, cramps, headaches, and nausea associated with PMS and my period. The first couple of months, I experienced occasional nausea and dizziness but that 's to be expected when starting a new hormonal treatment. My periods shortened to four days instead of six or seven and I was able to pinpoint my periods each month while on the pill. I stopped taking it for a few years but I 'm getting ready to get back on it this next week and I 'm looking forward to it! After I stopped taking it, however, my periods became irregular again after a few months of discontinuing the pill.
I feel like Xanax saved me. I had a very rough childhood with my father addicted to drugs, lost our house, had to raise my sisters because my mom had to get a full time job. I was going down a very bumpy road. I finally settled down with my now soon to be husband, and with the persuasion of him and my father (now sober, and also has anxiety) At age 18 I finally broke down and decided to go talk to a doctor. He prescribed me to multiple anti-depressants that made everything worse. He then put me on Xanax, I 've never been so stress free. I have held down the same job, I 'm doing well in school and again, and maintained a healthy relationship. I 'm a changed person at 21 years old.
My boyfriend and I had one too many drinks and we decided to have unprotected sex without using the pull out method! Well, I took the pill about 10 hours after for my very first time. I had no major side effects after taking the pill. After an hour or two of taking the pill I became very sleepy. I had my time of month a week earlier, and I was more hormonal than usual. I did not imagine the pill being a little expensive but I rate it a 10 because it worked and it is sure worth the cost.
I am a 29 year old male and have had Crohn 's disease for 8 years.  When I was going through college I became very ill and over a two year period of ups and downs lost 100 lbs.  Only due to the grace of God I made it through college with a civil engineering degree.  I was first put on all the typical drugs: Imuran, Pentasa, Asacol, Prednisone, B-12 injections.  I received the Remicade initially only when I had flare ups.  I watched my diet to a T (specific carbohydrate diet), but would still end up flaring up.  For the past 6 years I have been on a maintenance dose of Remicade every 10 weeks and have done very well.  I do have a goal to eventually get off the Remicade.
I started taking the pill about 4 years ago, the first year it was not the best, my period was irregular but after that no problems! i didn 't gain weight, no mood problems or pain during my period. it has work for me! but every body is different!
I have found that as a 8 year drug addict to painkillers I was able to focus on staying off my drug of choice by taking Adderall. I believe it has helped me stay clean and off all painkillers for 1 year now. 
The doctor gave me Zyrtec for a skin problem that I 've had for a coule of years. If I take Zyrtec I don 't have any symptoms. It works great!!!
Works well, but not super long acting, jnjections twice monthly.
I have been on Junuvia for eight weeks. No side effects, no problems. The blood sugar two hours after eating is well below  120. However the fasting blood sugar level does not dro below 100. Overall I am very satisfied. It is very expensive but good.
I became ill on a trip to Europe...The pharmcies there are allowed to dispence certain medications without a prescription...This medication in one night completly eliminated all symptoms..I am amazed that we do not have the same system here in the states....I suffer frequently from UTIs and have not had this medication prescriber before....What doctors prescribe in the States takes at minimum 3-5 days to feel better.  This medication worked on the illness and pain and was simple to take...
To help some girls out - This was an excellent option - for my body. I am a girl who usually had a period from 56-66 days so around every 3 months anyways. I was nervous to go to the doctor to get birth control every month because I already hated having it so far apart. My doctor recommended Seasonale, and it has been great! I get occasional migraines, but it 's nothing that I have had to complain to my doctor about. I 've only had a little bit of spotting before my period is supposed to happen but it 's nothing that I can 't handle. I definitely recommend Seasonale for girls who don 't like their periods every month and for girls who are consistent with the medication. Don 't take this if your going to skip days, it defeats the purpose.
I was diagnosed with Bipolar Disorder almost five years ago and have tried just about every medication without success.  I have recently started taking Saphris and it is my miracle. My mood swings have gone and I 'm no longer angry or depressed.  I have plenty of energy (minus the mania) and feel a complete sense of well being. The dissolvable wafers have a very bitter taste however this is a very small price to pay considering how awesome I feel.  
I have only been on adipex since june 3 and I have lost 13 lbs, my goal is 60 lbs. I eat every three hours, healthy meal of course and exercise 3 times a week.
I have been prescribed 8mg sub. Buprenorphine. One a day for over 2 years. I cut one into for 4 to 8 pieces and take tiny piece a once or twice daily. My pain is manageable and a 30 tab prescription lasts for 2 to 3 months. I no longer depend on opiates and no longer wake up in morning with body cramps and pain in my entire body from opiates wearing off. My pain isn 't as intense. When I was taking opiates my pain got worse by the day. My tolerance to them grew by month. I don 't know why this drug isn 't used more in the US. It took me 3 days to make the change from daily high doses of opiates to buprenorphine. I did take most of a full tab those 3 mornings. If you REALLY WANT to stop opiates and take very little medication I recommend.
Hi all! I read all of the posts before deciding to start Victoza. I was REALLY NERVOUS after reading all the negative side effects people were experiencing. My doctor prescribed Victoza after Saxenda was not covered by my insurance. My first prescription of 3 pens set me back $250. I now see the website offers a coupon card and plan to try to use that for my next dose.  I have had no side effects other than just not being hungry. The first few weeks at lower doses, I would experience hunger in the evenings but now on 1.8 dose I am not hungry the whole day. I did have a bout of sulfer burbs after eating eggs, but it was mild. Since Jan 29, I 've lost 15 lbs and I feel great. Will continue on medicine.
I fell four feet backwards off of a straight truck and whacked the back if my head off of a concrete parking lot and gave my self a concussion. Long story short, I have had a rough go at the post concussion symptoms and the migraine/cluster like headaches have played a MAJOR role. Theres days where I just lay around in the dark and do nothing. The pounding just takes over and that 's all that matters. You are not even you anymore. I was prescribed Topamax on Nov.18th and started one week on 25mg. Nothing changed. Then two weeks on 50mg, again nothing changed. This is my third week on 100mg and I am FINALLY migraine free. The side effects do wear off after time. You just have to give this medicine time. Worth it.
I just started my suboxone treatment. After years of heavy oxycodone use. At my worst I was doing six to eight 30 mg oxys per day! I quit cold turkey once I revealed my problem to my family, had the worst week of my life from the withdrawal as you can imagine given my amount and length of use. After 6 months of relapsing here and there and having constant terrible cravings I finally got on suboxone. From day one this has been a lifesaving med for me. My cravings are gone , I don&rsquo;t drink alcohol and my outlook on life is a million times better. If you are having a rough time with addiction then please seek help and know that suboxone literally saved my life .
I 've been on Trinessa for about a year now my doctor prescribed it for me since I hadn 't had my period for a year because I was on the depo shot and gained so much weight from the shot! But ever since I 've been on trinessa my period is usually on time and is usually short about 3-5 days, don 't really bleed much. I sometimes have mood swings, getting sad randomly but that 's about it. I recommend it to anyone!
For what it is worth, I 'm a scientist at FDA and after having tried all other topical steroid creams, a dermatologist prescribed this product and it flat-out worked.  I was very surprised and delighted.
I had daily hedaches and migraines that were coming every week out of the blue. It was debilitating and my career was suffering. I hate tablets but I listened to the Doctor and went on to Propranolol. I 'm only on 7 days and already I 'm pain free for 5days  Woke up this morning with a horrific migraine and it was gone within 30 minutes of taking my daily Propranolol dose.  Only side effects seem to be dry eyes and achy chest which I would take any day than have the debilitating pain and sickness of the last 4 months.  Really do recommend this.
Alright ladies, my experience with Mirena entails no gruesome or terrifying stories that will make you run for the hills. My experience with Mirena has been fairly good.  I got Mirena approximately 6 months ago. Beforehand I was entirely frightened due to the horrible reviews that people post on the internet. But let me just straighten this out. Some people do have bad experiences but those people are the ones who feel obligated to narrate their story to the world.  So I 'll be the one to write something positive.  Slight pain during the insertion, nothing worse than cramps.  A month of irregular bleeding. Only to be followed by four months of glorious period free time.  I occasionally get spotting but it isn 't anything bad at all.
I have really bad allergies that are pretty much year round now! I was taking Claritin D for months before I found Flonase! I took both for about 2 days and then no longer needed the Claritin! It was REALLY worth the money! Everything started clearing up within 24 hours...its been 5 days now and all my symptoms are gone!! Don 't listen to the haters! This medicine is AMAZING! I told my dad about it, because he has allergies like me. He started it yesterday and I got a text from him today thanking me for telling him about it! He said he can already breathe again!
I 've recently tapered off Zolpidem after 28 years of use and decided to try Phenergan 25mg as a  'substitute '. The first two nights I woke up regularly and had vivid weird dreams. The third night it knocked me out cold. I slept like a rock, however I felt like a zombie the next day.  Although Zolpidem felt more natural and I was more refreshed the next day, I 'm happy to be off sleeping tablets and will use Phenergan for a while until I can let go of that as well. I could never sleep late/in, but with Phenergan I can easily sleep past 10am. No other side effects experienced except drowsiness and vivid dreams and maybe muscle spasms. Great over the counter med for sedation.
Zyprexa got rid of all my symptoms- paranoia, hallucinations, delusions, depression, mania, catatonia. It worked so well I have gone off all my other medicines and I got off disability, finished school, and got a full time job. I have very few side effects- mostly I sleep a lot: 10-12 hours. But that is totally worth it to get rid of my symptoms! And I even lost weight!
After about 7 years of my MS getting steadily worse with injections, my MS has now stabilized. Because of Gilenya? I believe so, even though it is not approved for secondary primary MS. It stabilized at a not so good place, but I am not feeling any worse than when I started Gilenya and MRIs prove it (no new lesions). It came out a few weeks too late for me though, because I just started to get pock marks in my skin from injection site reactions to my previous injection drugs. That Gilenya is oral was enough for me, but that it works even better than the injection drugs has me an advocate of this drug(!
I am a 28 year old male and was diagnosed with Crohn 's 6 years ago. I had a flare up with an abdominal aneurysm and lost approx 90 lbs. I was put on Remicade and it has saved my life. I have been on it every 8 weeks for about 4 years and have regained a healthy weight and my symptoms are at an all time low. My only complaints are that getting the treatment is time consuming and the cost is obscene if you don 't have good insurance. However, despite all that, it truly has saved my life and I couldn 't be happier with the actual results of the medication.
I volunteered for a toenail fungus study and was able to receive the medicine for free.  It took months but all my toes except one are clean and that one is almost fungus free.  Also my left big toe was so bad the nail kept coming off but it is now starting to grow back, strong and clear.
I have been on Paxil for several years. It helps in so many ways. To those that get sleepy ... try taking it at bedtime.
I 've been on this particular birth control for a little over a year now, I 've been on Loestrin 24 Fe and Lo Loestrin 24 Fe. It 's helped more than Loestrin itself did. I haven 't had bad acne, no weight gain whatsoever (it 's extremely hard for me so weight gain is welcomed for me), no crazy mood swings, no nausea. Cramps haven 't been the greatest, but they are better than they used to be on the other birth controls!
Been using Jublia for 10 months. Was getting detachment of the nail on the big toe and Doctor said 8 of the 10 toes had some stage of infection.  Now just have a spot on one toenail  with clear growth halfway up the nail.  I used it as instructed and I 'm one of the fortunate ones - I am nearly clear if the toenail fungus now.  Will keep it that way by never getting a pedicure ever again.
Started working really well after two months. I received low doses and it worked.  I laugh now and can still enjoy sex, unlike some other anti-depressants that depress all emotions. This is a good helping hand.
Worked for the first couple weeks. Now I am up to 60mg just to get to sleep. Its been two hrs and no sleep. Its slowly not working anymore. Been on it for a month.
The 3 years went by so fast. I loved it so much I just had it taken out and a new one put in. My cycle comes every 3 months and last about 7 days, the other months I may cramp a little but no spotting so far.
I love Contrave December 1st 2015 I started contrave at 289 as of this morning I weight 207! I feel amazing. The only side effect that I have had is constipation, which isn 't a huge deal when you get excellent results.
I have been taking seasonal for almost 3 years and love it. My periods are shorter and lighter with less pain. I haven 't had any problems with break through bleeding. This is the only birth control pill to work for me (have tried 5 others). I know this pill doesn 't work for everyone though.
I have been using Imitrex since it first came out in the 90 's. It was a God send. I 've had migraines for 42 years. I get about six migraines a month. Imitrex always works BUT for me I pay a price with stomach aches. Sometimes I refrain from taking Imitrex for fear of the stomach pains.
Amazing! I had been having some issues maintaining an erection, would take the fun out of it for my wife and I as it was so much work to remain erect. The 20mg is unreal with immediate results and lasts 48 hours - felt like I was 25-30 again!We have a lot of sex so I take the 5mg daily and although it 's not the same feeling as the 20mg, it 's still working wonderfully with non-stop erections!
I tried 1 mg clonazepam, It did work for my insomnia, But I did look up the half life of it which is up to 30-40 hours. Plus the withdraw from it, So I weened myself off of it. Spoke to my doctor about what else is there and I was prescribed 150 mg trazodone. It works Great. If you look up the side effects it will say definitely not to be used for a sleep aid. it is safe to use in smaller milligrams like I use. 150 mg.
I 've been battling insomnia for almost 4 years. I had tried Ambien but always wound up digging in the fridge at 3am. It made me sleep walk really bad. Now with Doxepin, I 'm able to sleep through the night and no digging in the fridge at 3am.
I have been taking these pills on and off since last year.  When I am strict with my diet I see amazing results.  My body has adapted to them, so that is my only downfall.  They are no as affective as when I 1st started them.To anyone having side effects, I was having terrible headaches and dry mouth.  My doctor offers name brand and generic pills.  The generic pills give me massive side effects, I can only take name brand. If you are having side effects take 1/2 pill in the am and the other 1/2 pill late morning.  That way you can split the dose, it will stay in your system longer and may help with evening crashes.
I have been on Januvia 100mg at bedtime. I always struggled with FBS in the mornings. So added Januvia to Metformin. My A1C has dropped from 6.8 to 5.9 in 6 months. I have had no side effects that I am aware of. I have been able to loose 35 pounds as well with walking 4 days a week.
I am male, 57 years old.  I went from being very fit and active to zero activity within a week due to acute pain symmetrically in all joints.  I endured this for two months, and was finally diagnosed with PMR Disease.  Started on Prednisone, 20 mgs per day and obtained immediate results, eliminating 85% of any discomfort.  Dose doubled after two weeks, now all pain has been eliminated and now on the direction of my Rheumatologist I am starting to wean myself off after being on it for one month.  I am back in the gym, no issues.  So far so good, and so far zero side effects.
If you have social anxiety don 't take more than 40 milligrams of Vyvanse because you 'll be extremely anxious. I 'd also suggest taking 0.25 milligrams of Klonopin in the afternoon to help with the moodiness and anxiety amphetamines cause as they wear off.
I have been taking 50mg of Trazodone for insomnia for 3 years and I fall asleep in 10 -15 minutes. I take 20mg of Celexa during the day. The combination of both has greatly improved my depression and anxiety and sleep. I worry that one day the combination will stop working, but so far so good.
I have osteoarthritis in my spine, knees and hips, made worse by all the lifting I have done over the years as a nurse.I was prescribed Dihydrocodeine on a long term basis and unfortunatly fell prey to opioid addiction as well as the chronic pain. Three years ago I was referred to pain clinic and opioid dependency clinic where I was put on Methadone 70mls daily. I have never looked back. I now live a  'normal ' pain free life. Methadone should lose it 's stigma in society though.
I 've been on yaz for over 6 months now, and it has been the only thing that cleared up my acne in the last 8 years. I had very severe cystic acne on my forehead, cheeks and chin (basically all over my face). After taking Yaz for 3 months, my acne started to clear up dramatically. I can now go out without wearing 5 pounds of makeup! 
I take Wellbutrin XL 300mg every morning for my depression. Feeling like I needed a lil something more, my Dr. put me on Miratapine 30mg daily. I had no side effects with this combo. And I know that many ppl on 30 mg say that 30 mg knocks them out. It wasn 't that way for me. I had no problems waking and starting my day. After 3 weeks... I still didn 't feel any difference. My Dr upped my rx to 45 mg a day. I had been taking my WB in the AM and Mirt at night. When we increased the Mirt, I found it harder to fall asleep. and waking up thru out the night. Since, Mirt is known for the sleepiness at lower levels. I split my rx and took 7.5mg at night and the rest in the AM along with my WB. This combo now is working really nice for me.
On 7/19/11 I had a routine A1C and my Doctor called me during the weekend to tell me to drink lots of water and stay away from sugar.  My A1C was 11.0 and he was really worried.  I started on Metformin 1000 mg a day and then 2000 mg a day.  My blood sugar was still consistently in the mid 200 's.  They started me on Byetta mid-August.  After getting used to the nausea, the 5 mcg dose was fine (started 8/4/2011).  I switched to the 10 mcg dose one month and once again spent 3-4 weeks dealing with almost crippling nausea that not only made me sick, but worsened my panic problems.  I stuck through it though because I could see the changes in my blood sugar. Yesterday 12/26/11 A1C is 5.5 and I have lost 25 lbs.  Dr gave me high five!
Synvisc gave me significant, almost immediate relief from the bone-on-bone pain in my knees. Since then, as I continue to learn about my knee problems, I now understand that some of the pain is in the tendons around my knees, which are inflamed due to severe bow-legs. Still don 't understand why the bowing is increasing with my age, but this forces my tendons to stretch in an incorrect manner, more on the inside of each leg than on the outside.  Unfortunately Synvisc cannot address this problem, although it does provide a nice separation between the joint surfaces which also suffer from excess pressure on the inside portion of each knee. I am currently looking into shoe wedges to improve leg straightness by preventing excess supination.
Very pleasant in a variety of doses.
I have been on every medicine for bipolar/depression, anxiety you can name. I was on Effexeor for 7 years it worked for the first 2 years but lost it 's effect, but the doctors had to keep me on it due to the fact very time they tired to ween me off, I 'd experienced terrible withdrawals. I 've finally been able to get off of Effexor, this time with little to no withdrawal effects. The doctor put me on Viibryd and I was very doubtful, but I 'm happy to say that after only using for a week, I feel better than I ever have! None of the other medicines made me feel this good, including when the Effexor was working. I 'm no longer irritable, and my sexual drive is slowly coming back. Thanks to the maker 's of Viibryd.
I have had rheumatoid arthirtis for 1 year now, and continue to take Sulfasalazine and Nabumetone daily. I stopped taking the Enbrel after 7 months as it was no longer relieving joint pains.  I have had two infusions so far, and do notice improvement in my most painful joint (shoulder).  My rheumatologist prescribed a dose pack of steroids, which I took after my 1st infusion. Receiving these drugs together, I was hoping for more improvement, but I will take what I can get.  My arm has markedly improved range of motion, although it is not back to normal. My legs are still stiff, and I still need to shuffle my feet when I walk.  I go back for my third infusion next month, and thereafter infusions will be every 6-8 weeks.  I sure am hopeful this treatment will improve my quality of life.
I got prescribed this product last August after visiting a dermatologist. Acne was always one of my insecurities and it had gotten pretty bad, but about 4 months of using Epiduo, my face had cleared. The first few weeks are going to be miserable, my face peeled, became red, and hurt to even touch. To help the dryness, I found using Eucerin 's Aquaphor completely saved my life. I highly recommend this product, go see your dermatologist.
I, like all of you have had trigeminal neuralgia for years. Was on Tegretol for 2 years then quite unexpected break through of magnitude 11 on a scale of 1 to 10 pains every 4 mins, my doctor prescribed Lyrica, useless with side effects of a drunk, double vision etc. In France oxcarbazepine is not the medicine of choice, convinced doctor to prescribe oxcarbazepine, in half hour normal. 
I started Saxenda 27/04/17 and so far I love it! Down 5 pounds already...what! lolI 'm rarely hungry and get full pretty quick. I either walk 4-5km a day or ride my recumbent bike for an hour. Drinking lots of water and eating clean. The first day I felt a little queasy but nothing that kept me from work or daily routine.  No bowel issues either. Wake up each morning with a headache but it passes pretty quick once I 'm up and around. I was a little hesitant before starting because of the reviews I read about all the side effects, but I haven 't had many at all. Not crazy about spending $450 a month on it, but if it keeps on doing what its doing, its priceless to me!
I have chronic bursitis and these patches are the only thing that helps.  They help numb the pain so I can walk. Thank you!!  But now my insurance won 't pay for it.  What can I do??  It cost hundreds of dollars a box.  Please help !!!!
I love this. I 've started taking it 3 years ago, it 's effective for me. The best thing about this pills it makes me less-hungry, and it help me lose weight!
I have use the facial wash 1 time a day for over 10 years and it has done a great job . Occasionally I get 1 or 2 cysts which I care for with Finacea cream and I have kept my Rosacea in  check .
I just started taking Concerta again and I have noticed big differences in my attention span and being able to focus more. I was on it for quite some time when I was younger and then wanted to come off of it in the 10th grade. Now several years later I asked to go back on it and I noticed big changes in school and I thank God for this drug to help me get back to a somewhat normal state.
I love Lexapro. I was taking Savella before and had to stop due to side effects. Now I 'm on Lexapro and I love it. It takes away 95% of my pain and takes away my depression and anxiety at the same time. It 's amazing.
I haven 't been using this very long, but I am already amazed at the results. I started on 3/25/2016. I do an injection first thing in the morning rotating my upper arms and thighs. I 'm still at 0.6 of course. Today is 3/28/2016 and I 've lost 6 pounds already. The side effects are mild head aches and severe fatigue. It 's hard to wake up and hard to stay awake during the day. This could also be because I completely cut out my caffeine intake from 5-6 daily to 0. I have no nausea or vomiting. I have NO appetite. I forced myself to eat a sandwich and drink a protien shake this morning. I only ate once yesterday too. I make sure to drink plenty of fluids. Also I haven 't had constipation like some have had. I love it so far!
Easy to start and easy to maintain on a daily basis
I tried bcp in college, but they aggravated my migraines. At age 23, my neurologist said that because most of my migraines occurred just before my period, OrthoTricylen would work for me. My migraines got BETTER, my already clear complexion become clearer, and my periods lightened. However, the first three months were tough.  My breasts swelled from a 34C to a 34D+ (enough to buy a bigger bra), I was easily enraged, and I became a bit of a space cadet - but it all went away after the first 3 months. I also never got pregnant until after taking this pill. If you have migraines, talk to your neurologist about this pill.
My depression was so bad my anxiety became horrible and also developed scary thoughts . I tried a few different pills and each one after 3 days I had to stop them due to Bad side effects I was then put on zyprexa 2.5mg and did not expect much from them but I was surprised ! First day I did not feel any different but by day 3 I felt a little better and started day 4 broke my pill record ! I 'm on day 7 now and feel a lot better ! I feel like me again I still have some anxiety but it 's bearable :) and the bad thoughts seem to get blocked out when starting :) . still no bad side effects I have had a few dizzy moments when bending over and getting up to fast but it passes fast :) I 'm glad I started this pill wish it was the first one I tried !!
Well I 've been off and on of zoloft and when I 'm taking it my friends notice a very big difference. They say that I 'm always a lot happier and more of a go getter. I just wish I would of been using it when my ex-fiancee was living here with me because well we 'd probably still be getting married. As for side effect 's I haven 't seen really any at all, I still have a very high sex drive, I still eat like normal, and I 'm a lot happier during high stress situations being in the military. But I 've been taking 25mg a day in the morning and it help 's tremendously. But like people say on here you just have to take it and see if it 's for you or not. Hope this review helps everyone out.
I have been on this Birth Control pill for 2 years now. I have not had ANY trouble with it ever and really was happy with it. I 've heard my girlfriends talking about their birth control pills and how they have horrible side effects with them. I have always been happy with this pill and would recommend it to anyone!
I have been taking amitriptyline for the last 4 months, Have suffered daily migraines since being a young teen. I was started on one tablet 10mg at night for a month which gave little change to my migraines, then upped to 20mg before bed a month later to 30mg at night which delayed them starting until about midday each day. My doctor has now started me on 10mg 3 times daily and has so far been life changing I have only had one migraine attack out of each week. Hoping this keeps up.
In response to a post regarding how long it takes to get relief. In my researching I found that this medication gradually builds up in your system. When you first start taking it it may take a number of days to experience maximum relief. I find its the ONLY m. relaxant I 've tried that relieves my severe spasms &amp; cramping. I thought it wasn 't working any more until I went off of it to try several other options. When I resumed taking it the relief was immediate. The neuralgia has muscle symptoms that nothing seems to help- being a chronic pain pt am on several other meds. Am trying Hylands for general muscle discomfort - hoping that will help. Mention that as Hylands is often used during  opiate withdrawl.
Works great! Slight headache to start.....which doesn 't last. After 4 months 80% clear and I had psorasis over 75% of my body. Now after 6 months on it I am 99% clear. Unbelievable!!! This med has worked for me and I take/use nothing else in conjunction.
Prescribed to me for my 50 year colonoscopy.  Did not add any ingredients just the water mix and chilled in the freezer. Taste was like a flat Sierra Mist diluted with cucumber water. First four glasses I  downed no problem. I had three more after that which I paced myself outside of the 8oz every 17 minutes. Finished the whole four liters in three hours roughly, two hours after starting was when the first void hit and afterwards approximately every 15 mins or so until all was clear. No cramping or serious discomfort associated with it, just mild abdominal gurgling and fluidic voids.
I 'm on my 3 am dose as we speak.  I did ok with the first dose.  It did not taste good. I mixed it with crystal light,  that was a mistake.  On the second dose I just used water and sipped ginger ale at the same time but it took me a while to get it down. Worked in about 20 minutes both times.  Took a total of 3 hours the first time.  It 's going on 2 hours now I am still waiting for it to subside. Not a bad experience.
I 'm 61 yrs old and have been taking Nortriptyline for about 30 years for depression. I believe I was depressed most of my life before being diagnosed. Initially, it took about 4 weeks before I started feeling the effects of the drug, but once it kicked in it made all the difference in the world. After many years, my doctor had me try some of the newer SSRI drugs (while still on Nortriptyline) and with each one I didn 't feel at all like myself (like I was watching my life from outside myself), so with each attempt at trying a new drug, I kept going back to what worked best. Nortriptyline. I guess I 'd consider myself a poster child for the drug, because it 's always given me a level mood and I 've never experienced deep depression while on it.
I have been a victim of public anxiety for the last 10-15 years. I am currently 32 years old. I first realised how bad my public anxiety was at University. It was almost impossible for me to give a presentation no matter how well prepared I was. This trend has continued well into my working years. It has also affected my participation in classes and in other working environments. I can genuinely say that this situation has left me feeling embarrassed and extremely frustrated many times. It was only a few months ago that I came across this product and decided to give it a go. I have yet to give a presentation but it has helped me enormously in giving small presentations at seminars. All I can say is that it has been a life changer so far.
I first started taking 0.25 mg. It worked like a miracle pill. I was also having trouble sleeping. I tried everything antidepressant, Ambien, Lunesta, Restoril you name it I tried it . Now after 3 hrs on Xanax I use a 1 mg pill before bed and I sleep like a rock and very rarely do I have a attack during the next day. If I do I take 0.25 mg and in 15 min I 'm fine. For me it took care of both sleeping and panic attacks!
Anything that can get me back on track while I deal with my very occasional anxiety issues.  Xanax helped me out a lot 4.5 years ago and I am in need of it again.
I suffer from major depression, generalized anxiety disorder, and severe insomnia. I 've been taking 15 mg of this plus 100 mg of Trazadone each night, to sleep, for almost 2 years. (on top of my depression meds, which we are still playing with).  The mirtazapine has been a life saver.  The trazadone helps, but without this drug I only slept an hour or two at a time.  with this, I generally sleep 6 hours before I wake up at all... and even then it 's generally my bladder that wakes me.  I don 't get any of the side effects people here keep talking about (drunk feeling, inability to wake up, numbness in the mouth, excessive sleep, etc).
Worked fine from day one. Stopped the urge for frequent trips to the bathroom. I have not had any symptoms of side effects such as swelling of feet or legs etc, Been taking daily 7.5mg. Only complaint is the very expensive cost.
I love Vyvanse. It helps me concentrate and helps me in school to work faster and harder. When I get home I immediately start homework and then I just chill with the family until bedtime when I 'm tired. I did have insomnia but that went away within about a week. Now I sleep like a baby again and it helped me finally start working out which I have been planning to do for almost 2 months now. Also, I went from struggling to get D 's to easily making A 's in all classes. I recommend this medicine.
POSITIVE REVIEW - I have been on the Nuvaring for 2 months &ndash; the only side effect has been increase of breast size, I am trying to persevere with it and do a lot of exercise so I don&rsquo;t increase weight and hopefully maintain my breast size and I will take St John Worts if I feel a bit moody. The Nuvaring is great &ndash; 3 weeks in, 1 week out for your period and then the next cycle begins. If your partner can feel the ring while intercourse you can take it out for maximum 3 hours and then insert straight after. I know everyone is different but the Nuvaring is a low dosage of hormones and it is really working for me. So if you don&rsquo;t want to worry every month if you are pregnant I recommend Nuvaring. It has been great for me.
Rated 9 on account of the mood swings and headaches.  But, they are manageable and the medicine is doing it 's job.
I 've had this medication for a couple of days and my period stopped like normal! I haven 't had any bleeding what so ever yet or any of the bad side effects emotionally at all! I think this birth control will work for me for sure. The shot is very convenient (and not as painful as I thought) as a 18 year old who is horrible at taking pills every day. Plus it 's free for me so that 's great! Hopefully it will not cause my body any issues!
Have taken this with my other medicines prescribed. It actually works and if taken for a long time you need not just stop, you have to be weaned off.
I didn 't realize how much this was a great product until I stopped using it.  The only reason I stopped it because it is no longer covered by my insurance.  I didn 't want something that was a traditional HRT.  I just wanted something for atrophy, my my doctor suggested Estring. Wonderfully, Estring helped me with my hot flashes, insomnia, irritability, emotional roller coaster, AND atrophy.  I just wish it didn 't cost so much.
I suffer from frequent migraines, several times/month. Every couple years I seem to get a massive headache that last day, after day, after day. My regular medication (sumatriptin) does nothing. It 's then I head to the doctor or the ER and sometimes they will give me an injection of Nubain. That 's all it takes. Headache goes away pretty quickly afterwards. Whew!
I have used fentanyl for about one year for breakthrough pain when using Embeda or 120mg of oxycodone as the primary medication. Actiq works extremely fast and quickly takes down the pain and related panic. I can also easily moderate the amount of fentanyl by removing the lollipop once pain relief has been achieved thus avoiding overuse. I do not get the typical drowsiness of narcotics from fentanyl. My only complaint is that it is relatively short acting and usually worn off at about 2.5 to 3 hours. As a result I often have to use a less effective medication for breakthrough pain and need to ration the fentanyl.
Took Plan B One-Step 2 days after sex. Gave me extremely bad cramps, dizziness, light-headedness, very heavy bleeding and my cycle lasted about 9 days. I should have gotten pregnant however, I 'm not pregnant and the short term side effects are nothing compared to pregnancy symptoms AND HAVING A BABY. and, once again, I 'm not pregnant!
Best cold sore medication ever. I have tried everything, this stops it from growing right away so they don 't last near as long.
I was into withdrawal one and a half days when I started shaking and feeling anxious. Having already had several seizures due to alcohol I went to my GP who prescribed Librium.  Symptoms almost stopped completely after 1 day and after that no symptoms at all.  Don 't try to stop yourself it 's dangerous and could cost you your life.
Works like a charm! A little sedating when first starting but it goes away. I can take pictures again!
So far so good, I recently started Vyvanse and it has been wonderful I am really seeing a difference. The only side effect I have experienced is dry mouth and I did not drink enough water anyway so I have had a very positive experience.
I have used Plan B about 4 times in the last 12 months. I started a new relationship and birth control was something I did not want to take because of the adverse side effects it has on me. Sometimes the condom breaks or just comes off so Plan B has been a friend. I experience depression when I take Plan B. I don 't have this normally, severe mood swings, lighter bleeding but horrible cramps and headaches. My period always came about 7 days after taking the pill. I never got pregnant. 
Wow............I was addicted to lortab which increased to hydromorphone 30 mg 2 times a day to start and then progressed steadily over 4-5 years to about 20 of those damn little blue pills a day just to try to not be sick from withdrawal!!! Then I went to long acting 80s icy and then couldn 't afford enough mess just to not be sick each day that 's when I ordered some heroin to try just to not be sick every damn day!!! Suboxone it literally saved my life! Was it easy? No! Was it worth it? Hell yes!!! Does it have side effects yes constipation. Is there withdrawal yes! I 've been on it almost 3 years without relapsing ever. Miracle drug for me n my family! Highly recommend for opiate addiction and to treat pain!
I am now 60. Ive been trying to find the right medication for decades. I 've been on many different ones.  In 2009, I agreed to another- Zoloft. Took 50 mg/day for a month to six weeks- went back to the psych doc despondent. He raised the dose to 200mg, the limit for safety. Within one week, I started to feel &quot;normal&quot;, a condition I don 't remember having for many decades. I 've been on this medication since 2010 at the same dose, 200mg/ day. It has made all the difference in my happiness, productivity, confidence, being able to work, cope effectively with life 's inevitable disappointments and have only one sad regret. How I wish this medication was available in 1970 's to 1980 's when I so desperately needed it.
I have been on Chantix (for the 2nd time) since March 1st this year.  I had my last cigarette on March 6th.  Although I started back after I used Chantix the first time, this is the very best way to quit smoking in my opinion.  I have had some constipation and really cool dreams in color (no bad dreams), but all in all, I have had very little in the way of side effects.  I am a nearly 49 year old woman who started smoking at 17.  I do sometimes want a cigarette, but its not an unbearable feeling, and if I go for a walk, or find something to do, it goes away quickly.  I would recommend this to anyone who has decided that they want to quit.
Break into my house, steal EVERYTHING I own. But keep your hands OFF my Estrace.
To anyone scared of taking this infamous drug (which I was) - you won 't lose your sobriety, it just slows down your brain. This means it 's great for situations where you risk creating phobia instead of familiarity (new places, new people). I 'm armed with all the tools I need for knowing what my body and brain need as things happen (self-reassurance, gratitude, understanding, catching my own cogs before they turn, time out, etc) but you can 't always choose when sensory overload will happen. As a pre-emptive measure this will be a useful tool for me when I know things 'll be too handle even with an arsenal of knowledge to tackle the triggers.
I have had the Nexplanon implant for 11 months now and it 's never let me down! I 'm in love with it! I used to get horrible period cramps, back pain, and headaches ever menstrual cycle and this birth control has taken it all away. I have only gotten my period once throughout this whole year and it was very very light with no cramps. The key to this birth control working is making sure you have an experienced and truely trust worthy doctor. Remember, this implant affects every body different! Some of these reviews say they hated it because it was painful, moved, or left pain even after it healed and those all seem to me as Doctor errors. If you 're considering getting this amazing birth control make sure your doctor knows what they 're doing!
Started having panic attacks last June when I had a medical issue with my eye. My doctor prescribed me celexa. I held onto the prescription for over 6 months as I was terrified of relying on a pill to help me and was scared of side effects. Finally I couldn 't take the anxiety anymore and started on 10mg. First few weeks I COULD NOT SLEEP and my anxiety was worse. Had to take sleeping pills. But eventually it got better and now I feel great! It 's been 6 months and I 've never increased my dosage. I still get anxious once in a while but that is fine with me because I don 't want to &quot;not feel anything&quot; like some pills do to you! I know it 's not for everyone but I am glad I finally tried it!!
Lithium saved my life.  Nothing worked on my cluster headaches until my Dr. prescribed lithium.  It was miraculous and worked within 24 hours.  It broke the cycle.  Subsequently I have also used oxygen therapy and it too has been very effective.  Just not as easy as taking a pill, but less side effects.
I tried the Implanon after having an unexpected pregnancy on the Nuvaring. I had a little anxiety about the insertion but it really was quick and pretty painless. I have had it over a year now and for a longtime I wast having any periods at all. Now I have them few and far between, very lightly. I have no pain in the arm with only a tiny little scar. It does creep me out a little that you can see it through my skin, but honestly it is the best birth control I 've ever been on and wouldn 't use anything else.
The stat dose is a miracle. I can finally go on vacations and don 't miss out on work. I used to be in tears and would be submitted to hospital for a i.v.
I have been taking Effexor XR for several years, alternating between 37.5 mg and 75 mg when needed.  I feel better, but it still does not keep me from having attacks.  I have to take an Ativan when I have an attack to get it to stop.  I have been dealing with this for about 12 years and Effexor XR is the most effective out of Celexa and Zoloft.
I have had Trigeminal Neuralgia for 20 yrs. There has been only one Dr. that hit it on the nose. Trileptal great medicine.
This is only the 2nd full day that I have been on Contrave and absolutely zero side effects.  After just one day I lost 2 pounds.  Contrave made it to where I wasn 't even hungry.  I had to remember to eat lunch.  In the evening was  a little more difficult.  I was hungry, but I didn 't gorge myself.  I am confidant that when I work up to the full dose twice a day, that may help my cravings in the afternoon/evening.  My doctor told me to take the evening dose about 30 minutes prior to supper.  I will post an update in a few weeks, but I am excited about this new drug.
I am pain free thanks to Supartz.
I joined a weightloss clinic because I have been struggling to loose 30 pounds for about 7 years. I loose 6-10, then gain it back, then repeat. I went last Thursday and got a B6/B-12 shot and the pills. I weighed 168. I 'm trying to get to around 135. When I returned yesterday, a week later I weighed 162...down 6 pounds. I take the pill between 7 and 8am and it really curbs my appetite and cravings. I don 't even feel like eating. Sometimes I only eat because my stomach is growling or I start to feel a little light headed. It really does curb your appetite. I am working on eating clean and exercising, so I am making a lifestyle change that will last once I finish taking the pills. Wish me luck!
I had a very good experience on this birth control, it was my first too. The only problem I had was light acne or that might just have been me being 15. My periods were around 2 days long and I never got in bad moods or emotional. This birth control worked great for me, no weight gain, nausea or anything.
First of all, I am an MD and very familiar with the meds in Contrave. I was actually prescribing it before I decided to try it myself. I have been 20-30lbs overweight for as long as I can now remember (at least 20 years). I had developed mild type 2 diabetes, elevated cholesterol and hypertension. I was taking a handful of pills everyday at age 45. So I started the medication 24 days ago. My weight was 184. On some of the early days I had some nausea but it always went away. I was irritable at times, and some days when I literally forgot to eat I would get jittery and feel bad (but not hungry) because I 'm sure my blood sugar was low. So my results so far: today I am 165.8. I am down 18 lbs in 24 days. BMI down 3 points. this is no gimmick!
IQ of 130 but troubled emotional status. Wide range of problems extending from Paranoia Anxiety Anger Delusion Bitterness Depression to Suicidial.Had 3 major Bipolar Attacks in 2008 2010 and 2012. Successful career hit the bottom in all these attacks.Lamictak is the greatest drug for me it most literally SAVED MY LIFEI am using around 125mg daily and I know how I am. Before using this drug I really never did !!If you have similar symptoms never hesitate. Give it a TRY for sure.
Was able to deal with my depression with cognitive therapy. Also helps my Obsessive Compulsive Disorder.
I am totally shocked, but it actually worked. Extremely well. If only I had discovered this sooner I might still have a boyfriend....
Lexapro changed my life for the better! I had anxiety and needed help. My doctor put me on 15 mg lexapro and the first month was not fun as my body was getting used to the drug. I had dry mouth, sweating and problems sleeping but after a month the side effects went away and I feel normal again. I bumped it down to 10 mg and have been on it for 2 years
I 've only taken latuda for 4 days. I 'd been diagnosed with bipolar several times in the last decade but too scared to try other meds. Was on Lexapro which made me feel warm and bundled up but not myself. I don 't know how to say this but I 'm feeling better than I have for 10 years. I forgot what it was like to be me. Taking it at night because it make me feel sleepy for a few hours. I just do things rather than want to sleep or come up with reasons not to do them. I found myself smiling today without a reason. I 'm hoping this positive reaction will continue. If so I can 't believe what a great drug this is.
Hi, I 'm 24 years old and I 've been epileptic for about 12 years. I 've seen my fair share of doctors and I was either too medicated or ignored, so remember, the doctor isn 't always right. I recently found my current doctor about 3 years ago and she has gone above and beyond for me. I am currently seizure free and can drive. I currently take 1000mg Depakote ER a day 200 mg of Topamax a day to balance out the weight gain. I do have a slight problem with my hair, it won 't grow, but that 's okay.
First time on birth control (bc) and I am relieved to not have had any major side effects after taking this bc for a month now. The first day I took it I felt a little nauseous but switched to taking it before bed and now don 't feel anything (even if I forgot the night before &amp; have to take it in the middle of the day) I did get two pretty big pimples the first week but no physical changes besides that. I THINK I 'm on my period now (end of first pack) but very very light bleeding &amp; no cramps.
Been on this med for just 3 weeks resulting in a weight loss of 22lbs. I don 't feel hungry or binge eat anymore. I also walk at least 10,000 to 12,000 steps daily plus gym time 3 to 4 days a week so that also helped with my speedy weight loss. I started at 252lbs and now 230lbs. My goal is to reach a weight of 200lbs and cut my daily dose down to one pill a day. No side effects other than dry mouth and a bit of constipation. I highly recommend this medicine.
I have been taking Toprol-XL for about 8 years now. I started at 10mg and then 50mg and now at 100mg. It has brought my Blood Pressure under control - was 150 /80   - now at 130 /70 . Also brought down my Heart Rate, which was 88 resting to 60  resting. I am a light smoker who has asthma/mild COPD, metoprolol has shown no effect on these conditions as my PF and FEv1 has not changed .PROS: Reduced Blood Pressure to normalReduced anxiety levels.CONS: Tired (mild), weight gain (mild)Erectile dysfunction (mild), Heart skipping a beat (occasional only and mild).
Marplan did an amazing job of keeping my depression away from 2010 through 2017.  I 'd tried Nardil &amp; Parnate prior but had weight gain/hypomania w/ Nardil and ridiculously high blood pressure after each dose of Parnate.  Marplan is sometimes said to be Nardil 's weak little sister (as it 's also derived from Hydrazine unlike Parnate which is derived from Amphetimine).  It worked great for me.  No weight gain, was able to perform sexually, and it kept me in a good place.  Marplan always felt very clean, I never had a hypertensive issue, but it did the trick.  The cost though (LOOKING AT YOU VALIDUS) is robbery.  Current insurance $160/month - Jan 1st insurance won 't cover so $1500 a month.  Nope.
It 's exactly 1 month today went to clinic to weigh myself and have lost exactly a stone which is around 14lbs. I think great but must say that speed of weight loss has reduced to around 3lbs a week but still losing not gaining.
Geodon changed my life. The first thing that happened was it was VERY sedating.  Within an hour of taking it I was asleep so deeply that I could not be woken up no matter what happened. You could yell, shake me, nothing would wake me. I did not wake up groggy though and within 3 days my mind no longer raced and I started thinking clearly. As time went on the sedating effect lessened though it took a really long time. While I 'm on it my brain just isn 't mean to me and I sleep like a normal person. Tough to start as you need someone who can be with you in case there is an emergency because you will not be able to wake up or move for hours but it works. I wouldn 't trade it for the world.
I feel like I have so much energy when I have my shots, morning stiffness and aches in my upper and lower back seem so much better. Only downside is the worry about the more serious side effects and the hair loss!
Used gel for 5 days. The smell was gone the next morning. Still continued to use it for the remaining 4 days. It made everything so much better. I 'm glad they have this treatment.
I 've never been on birth control and I have migraines with aura, so I was a bit limited to Mirena or Nexplanon since I wasn 't about the pill life. Tried to get Mirena but after 2 failed attempts because my cervix is apparently a steel clamp, I went with the Nexplanon. I love it! The insertion was easy breezy, and my side effects are really limited to a little bit of acne, but it should be noted that I had a pretty good period of acne as an adolescent and took Accutane for it. I have changed up my facial routine and this has helped.I have not gained any weight and haven 't noticed any change to my appetite, but I 'm a pretty regimented person when it comes to my eating and exercise. Best part for me, no migraines, only manageable headaches!
I take this medicine for the treatment of chronic pancreatitis.  Its a good medicine and works well.
I felt like this medicine actually helped a lot. I was nervous to take it because of the reviews &amp; side effects, but it ended up being ok.The very next day after taking the medicine I felt 70% better. The only side effect I had was some diarrhea. I ate with this medicine and I felt it helped a lot.
Lost 9 lbs first week using every-other-day diet 5 '9, 195, female, 52. Second week I was on vacation in the gastronomical capital of the world, Paris. Went off diet and enjoyed pastries, sauces, etc, but in smaller quantities. Gained only 2 lbs. I am back home and restarting EOD diet, am very optimistic. A good example of how it works. When I order Japanese food, usually get a sushi deluxe and finish most of it. On Belviq, I can eat only half. It essentially cuts your appetite. Amazing.
I have been on the shot for 9 years, I love it, my doctor said I will have to take Xanax and Lexapro with the Depo to even out the mood swings, I am fine and my moods are good, it is natural that your body has bleeding and spotting I have it too, but it does not bother me as much as I suffered with PMS, forgetting things all the time, and being bitchy. Now I don 't have that, I FEEL GREAT! Cramps yes but not as bad.
I 've been taking this birth control for four years and I started taking it when I was 16. It was my first brand of birth control and I plan to stick with it until I want to start trying for children. I have never had much of an acne problem, but with this pill my face is always clear. I never had any of the nausea others have written about. I do have to agree that like others my cup size has grown over time and I am pleased! As far as weight goes I don 't believe this pill has changed me at all. I have stayed the same weight since high school. My hormones are crazy only the week before my period.Overall this is a great medication for some and a not so great medication for others. I would not blow it off right away. I would give it a shot.
&quot; I am 20 with no kids and have never been pregnant before. I was on birth control pills for 4 years before deciding on trying something stronger plus I couldn 't remember to take it daily. I had Skyla inserted Oct 16 so I am on day 4. I 'm not going to lie having it inserted hurt. It was a combination of uncomfortable mixed with pain. Day 1 i had horrible cramps all day and some nausea Day 2 i felt amazing no cramps so sickness nothing Day 3 I found the lovely side effect of extreme emotion. I was a roller coaster of emotion all day with some random cramps throughout the day Day 4 I have had some cramps off and on but the emotions are in check today. So far so good, no major complaints except hoping the cramps and spotting subside soon
This medication worked fantastically for me! When I started taking it I was at the bottom of my class, struggling at school, and within 2 years I 'd moved to the top. It totally transformed how I was able to concentrate. I always felt like this allowed me to  'be the real me ' because it gave me the focus and patience to do the things I wanted to do. It helped me socially because I was able think and communicate better (more tactfully!)In terms of side effects I can 't take it too late in the day or else I wouldn 't sleep at night, but nothing else. I know some people have described many more side effects but I didn 't get anything like that.The only downside is that after 19 years on the drug, I don 't find it as effective anymore.
Very Effective With Few Side Effects.
This medicine is definitely a 10. It worked for me from the first day I took it.  It 's nice to sleep at night again instead of pacing the floor.
I was so scared to take Accutane due to all of the experiences with initial breakouts and dry lips/skin. I 've just began my third month and could not be happier. After the first month, I had stopped getting active acne and from then on, my skin has just been post-inflammatory acne scars that get less red day by day. My skin is no where near perfect, but the difference between what it is now and what it was pre-accutane is EXTRAORDINARY. I thankfully experienced no initial breakout. In fact, after just a week my skin had started clearing. My skin has not been dry at all- I 've had no problems with dry lips or dry skin (I do apply aquafor generously throughout the day and moisturize twice a day) My treatment is Absorbica 40mg daily
I love Elocon. I 'm 28 years old and have been through tubes and tubes of cortisone creams, Benadryl ointments, oatmeal cures and the like. Elocon has been the only cream that works for my eczema. I get terrible rashes that flare up inside of my arms, legs, neck and belly. They come seasonally and when I 'm most stressed. I use Elocon after I realize I 'm scratching uncontrollably and within a couple of days, the scratching ends and the swelling subsides. My eczema flares and bleeds on the same day so when I apply Elocon for the first day it burns for a few seconds as I 'm rubbing it into my wounds. The following day, my rashes have healed and never look as painful as the first day. *Only use 14 days on and 14 days off if you need it like I do!
Worked construction for many years and without tramadol I would probably not be able to work. I have missed dosage and not experienced any withdrawal problems. This is a good solution for a problem back without any side effects.
Remicade literally gave me my life back 9 yrs ago.  I was so ill ; in &amp; out of hospitals, steroids, taking 20+ pills a day &amp; I was still extremely sick.  I finally went to Philly (where on my first visit, they were planning my surgery to remove my colon..during that conversation I stopped listening.) My dr. suggested I give Remicade a try - before surgery.  At that point, I would have done anything.   Honestly I did not believe anything would work since I had this disease for years and could barely function.  The Remicade worked like magic - it is liquid gold - I have never had any side effects or adverse reactions -  I have been in remission ever since!
Helps you a whole lot! Except you could get sore on the underside and stay extremely close to the toilet.
I 've had pretty bad acne since I was in grade 7 and now I 'm in grade 12. I asked my doctor to prescribe something and she gave me Doxycycline. The first week I saw great results, almost all my acne went away, but as they all say, it gets worst before it gets better. I started to get a lot more acne on my cheeks and the side of my face. Now I 'm 3 months in and my acne is all gone. The only problems I had was the scarring , and the nausea. I recommend this product!
I was diagnosed with sever sleep apnea when i was about 50 I have been tired most of my adult life so assume have had apnea a long time. Tried cpap, forget that, got a somnodent mouthguard which stopped almost 100% of my apneas, but I didnt feel better. Put on provigil like 5 years not really much better same with nuvigil.finally drs and I were fed up I could not make it through a day without at least 2 to three short 5 to 20 minute naps and always felt like had a cloud in my brain and my pcp recommended to sleep dr. to try Adderall. I had no Idea what Adderal was knew it was used for ADAH but really didn 't care just went home and took it results have been unbelievable. Almost never take a nap, feel way more refreshed, no brain fog. 
This is just awesome! Tried different antidepressants, but Wellbutrin really worked after 1.5 weeks. I 'm so happy now after 5 years of depression!
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for about 3 months now and I haven 't had any real problems with it at all. Just some breast tenderness right before my period and cravings every now and then. I used to be on Loestrin 24 Fe and I had the worst side affects with it. I had severe mood swings and depression which lasted for the entire 4 months I was on it. After getting off Loestrin, I went on Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo and didn 't have any problems with it, but switched to Tri-Sprintec because it 's cheaper. I was afraid that I might have the same negative side effects with Tri-Sprintec that I had with Loestrin, but I haven 't and that 's just awesome to me! It 's best to not judge a pill within the first week of taking it. It takes a few months to adjust.
I 've tried every NSAID on the market and Piroxicam is the best. I 've been using it for about a year along with Nexium (to reduce stomach problems). No side effects thus far.
Was a 2 pack a day smoker. Took Chantix for about 4 months.  Within 3 days I went from 2 packs to about 8 cigarettes a day. Quit smoking completely within the first month. Side effects were minimal, some weird dreams and mild agitation.  I actually miss the vivid dreams.  I 'm at 8 months smoke free now. You do however have to want to quit.My prescription was paid for by a smoking cessation program in my state.
I have been taking Tri-nessa for more than a year, and I can easily say it is a good fit for me. I have regular, lighter periods, clear skin, and it hasn 't made me gain any extra weight. I take them at the same time every day and have never missed a pill.  
good
After nerve sparing prostate surgery I was prescribed several of he big named drugs but no satisfaction and to many side effects for me, my doctor then prescribed Muse (1000mg)  a good erection was obtainable nothing like before the surgery but at least it works,  as others have suggest standing up sure makes it work faster and last longer, suggest it be used well before expiry date and its extremely important that the application instructions be followed exactly.
I am 19 now and started taking ADD medicines when I was 17. I had used Adderall for a few months and had to stop because of the  'rebound ' I got from it. It made me too agitated and easily angry/sad when coming down on it near the end of the day. I switched to Focalin XR and it worked well for maybe another month before the same thing started happening. My doctor then wanted to try one more time so he said there is a newer stimulant out for ADD/ADHD and it is pretty much like a cousin of Adderall. He said there is a better chance that this won 't have a negative rebound. I have been on 60mg of Vyvanse for a few months and I have not felt any type of negative side-effects like I had before. It works great and helps me stay focused with school and work.
I 've been on Ativan for 4 months now, 0.5mg once or twice a day to control my anxiety attacks. I take when I feel jittery, have a flushing face, a heavy head akin to tension headache and dizziness. Usually these symptoms subside within 2 hours of dosing. It isn 't often that I have to take 1mg in two divided (0.5mg) 6-hourly doses. Last month, I didn 't take Ativan for 5 straight days and I didn 't suffer any withdrawal symptoms or rebounds but my anxiety attacks returned on the sixth day.
My Dr. insisted for years my thyroid wasn 't to blame for all of my hypo symptoms. I started seeing another Dr to manage medications as I 'm also dealing with depression. She ran a full battery of tests on my thyroid levels and put me on Armour. I have NEVER felt as good as I feel now. I started at a low dose and just doubled it and now have more energy, alertness and lost 8lbs without changing anything. I 'm not drinking caffeine constantly and can keep up with my 10, 8 &amp; 1 year old boys. My bff has struggled using Synthroid and is now talking to her doctor about using armour. I hope it works for her and doesn 't stop working for me!
It was prescribed by my doctors several years ago. Now it 's OTC. It works perfectly and in a timely manner. It 's soothing and not harsh like most nasal sprays. No horrible aftertaste either. Used it for years with none of the side affects mentioned.
This medicine is amazing! Love it! Helps me every time I get sick with a cough! I have also recommend to all my family and friends!
Smoked for 50 years. Last 20 years 2-3 packs a day and lots and lots of alcohol. I came to a mindset that I needed to stop. Took me a month and a half of champix everyday and I 've knitted a scarf that would go around the world. Had a couple of very vivid dreams, not scary.  Learned very quickly to eat a good balanced meal before taking champix, to keep nausea away.  Drank lots of water and still do everyday.  For the first time in over 3 decades I have a clear head, feel good and confident that I can make good decisions. Now I am at a stage of getting more motion into my days.  I truly was amazed how stopping smoking and no drinking went hand in hand, and my healthy food choices all work and I feel GREAT.
After my divorced 1 year ago I just decided to start dating again. I 'm 46 in good health. A week ago after a couple of dates with my current girlfriend we decided to take our relationship to the next level. Unfortunatelly I couldn 't perform as we expected, not able to sustain my erection for her to come. I went to my doctor and he prescribed 4 pills 100mg for 12 USD. I made dry test before, so this Wednesday night I took half pill, after one hour I started to fell a little blush. I  to test the pill and no much difference so I took the other half, after another 30 min what a difference but next morning big headache. This Friday I took half a pill and 500mg paracetamol, wow no headaches, multiorgasmic girlfriend happy.
I have taken Adipex for one month and 4 days, 22 pounds down. Starting weight 240, now at 218. I plan to stay on the pill until I reach 180 lbs. I am a very active person and eat great. First couple days I did have headaches, which only lasted 2-3 days now I have had none.  The boost of energy is nice. I do experience some dry mouth, thankfully I LOVE  water! I 'll post in another month  hopefully I will be under 200 pounds!
Went on to Brintellix  - 4 months ago, I was prescribed it purely for my anxiety problems.. I think it 's great, I was able to come off of my anxiety meds (Urbanol) and I am 10x better. I Haven 't had a panic attack for so long now I can 't even remember the last time. I 'm coming off of brintellix in about a month to see how I cope. If I still need it I will be on for 2 years. I would like to know what it 's like coming off of it if anyone has any answers for me.
I started Contrave on 10/2/15. It has been 4 weeks and its working!!! I 'm not sure of my starting weight exactly, maybe somewhere between 220-230lbs. Every scale is different so I 'm waiting to go back to the doctor to find my true weight loss. But so far I can tell that my stomach is flatter and my thighs are thinner. Also my wedding ring fits again!!! I have been walking 30min a day for the past 2 1/2 weeks and have been watching my diet (no carbs/sugar). I 'm very excited and hopeful. I have gained close to 100lbs in the past 5 years due to anti depressants and mood stabilizers. So I 'm really hoping to get off between 75-100lbs. Currently no side effects, I have taken Wellbutrin in the past so that may make a difference. I would definitely recommend
I had severe muscle spasms from either tearing or pulling a muscle in my back when playing with my son. I couldn 't stand, breath, just lay down with out my back pulsating.  Went to a Care Now facility because it was the weekend, a doctor gave me Fexmid and inflammatory ibuprofen medicine. Within an 30 minutes I could feel my back muscles retracting. Flexmid also helps with my TMJ cause I grind my teeth at night sometimes.
Had acid reflux. I lost my voice from it for 6 weeks, went to ear-nose-throat doctor. Got Nexium, which gave extreme headaches as a side effect. Another doctor gave me 30 free samples of KAPIDEX 60MG. I got no headaches. Took 1 pill and my voice is returning to normal. Good product. Doctor may give Pepcid AC or 300 mg of Zantac if your insurance doesn 't cover it. 
I started taking Belviq September 12th 2016 I weigh in at 332 pounds I weighed in today September 28 2016, 318 pounds just could not believe it gave me, slight headaches but I notice I cannot take 2 a day can only do one very strong to me if I, take two in one day i, dizzy comes along plus I, workout as well and thirsty for water my appetite is really decreased a lot I,give this pill thumbs up my doctor preferred me and encourage me to take them I don 't like taking medications but he said this will be just right for you so far so good. And my insurance didn 't cover it so I only paid $75 out of pocket.
This has been the best cold and sinus medicine I have found since sudafed
I had ovarian cancer and had an oopherectomy, my oncologist wanted me to use this drug for at least 10 years, started with higher dose and have gone down to 0.05, have tried dropping it to 0.025, but noticed I was having the hot flashes and lack of sleep at night, gone back to the 0.05 and enjoy it so much more, although I am now going on my 12th year of taking it. Trying to wean off of it but without the ovaries it is hard. Love this patch!!
After an office party, I got really wasted and ended up having sex with one of my colleagues from work. After I sobered up realised he had not used protection and the stupid guy had come inside me, I rushed and bought the pills 6 hrs later and all I kept thinking is -I can 't have that assholes baby..... after 2 weeks of worrying and showing signs of implantation I finally got my period. I have never been so happy to see blood in my entire life.....
I was prescribed Phentermine by my psychiatrist because I gained 30 pounds on Saphris (which I use to help me sleep). I 've been on Phentermine for over 3 months now and I 've already lost the 30 pounds and then some, I 've gone down 2 pants sizes with the only side effect being occasional dizziness, which is a small price to pay! I highly recommend it for rapid weight loss!
This medicine has changed my life.  After 3 courses of Levaquin for MRSA after surgery last summer I thought that the extreme fatigue, muscle pain, mental fog and joint pain that I 've had were just part of aging, I 'm 61, or side effects of the antibiotic. My TSH levels were in normal range, but my Naturopath saw that the free T-3 and T-4 were very low.  We started Nature-Throid in late July and by August,I was starting to feel human again. It 's GREAT.
I got this procedure done yesterday. I used cytotec for 3 days before. When i got to the dr. they decided to inject me with a numbing block, which was more emotionally scary, than painful. There were two parts. The first cramp was decently painful. Mine was also ultrasound guided, and she helped me keep breathing calmly. The second cramp/push was really painful, but afterwards I was fine. Second day only mild cramps. I suggest getting a driver if you have to drive any distance. The scariest part about this procedure is the unknown, since everyone reacts differently. I am happy with it so far. We will see when i get my first period.
I started Lupron about a month ago. I started taking it after the doctor told me I had stage 1 endometriosis. About a year before I found out I had PCOS which caused me to gain a lot of weight, about 23lbs. Since I 've been on Lupron I 've been feeling so much better and I 've LOST 7LBS!! The only thing I have been struggling with is the hot flashes. other than that I 've been doing very well on the shot.
I have been on Prevacid for over 10 years now. Take 30 Mg a day. I have used both the prescription and the 24 hr when I run out. Both are fantastic, never had a side effect and it completely controls my acid reflux and heartburn. Stopped eating tums and can eat whatever I choose. It works like a charm for me.
I wanted to write a review since a lot of the reviews on here specify they took the pill within 24 hours or much less and in my case, I took it about 38 close to 40 hours after having sex where we weren 't sure if the condom broke before he pulled out or not. I knew someone just like me would be looking through and hoping to find a review where someone actually did not take the pill right away, because it is scary to think it might not be as effective. My period came 3 days after taking the pill and I already have an extremely irregular period that was technically late already. I experienced side effects when my period first came that were definitely not fun but would take it any day over an unwanted pregnancy. Just be patient, plan b works!
Just had my colonoscopy today and all was well. Prep day with Suprep was nowhere near as traumatic as I imagined it would be (I 'm only 25, so this was my first time doing this). The taste wasn 't bad-- I mixed each dose two hours in advance by pouring the medicine and topping it off with lemon crystal light and sticking it into the fridge. It made the taste pretty tolerable!The first dose was no problem. I did get the chills a bit, but nothing major. It started working within 20 mins of drinking. Didn 't get me anywhere close to expelling clear liquid.The second dose made me slightly nauseated, but nothing terrible. After a few more rounds of action, I was clear and ready to go! All-in-all, not to bad!
I loved Accutane. I have taken it twice. It seemed to work for me for 5 years each time. I got the dry skin. I used baby washcloths and Neutrogena oil free fragrance free moisturizer. After the first few weeks it got better though. Best acne medicine on the market! By far!
Help tremendously with my hot flashes.   I am able to sleep at nights so much better.
I was prescribed this medication when I was first diagnosed with depression and it worked very well for me.
I take Ambien, Ambien CR and rotate to Lunesta briefly when they build a tolerance. Ambien is first rate though. They all have an odd effect of not drifting off - I blink and wake up in the morning. I 'm ok with that. Ambien CR makes me a bit cranky if I wake early, like the cat waking me. Otherwise they all work, and fast, like 30 minutes. I have a small amount of Ambien CR left, which I think is the best but it 's expensive. The others are generic, but work ok.
Lithium is my Wonder Drug. I 'm 51, was depressed on &amp; off for years, had major depression for 7+ years, &amp; have been suicidal since age 7. The last 2 years were exhausting trying to stay ahead of the suicidal pull in spite of entering therapy &amp; getting medicated. I finally asked my psychiatrist for ANY aggressive treatment -- regardless of the severity of the side effects -- because I was going to lose the battle.He asked me to try Lithium, first.Within a month, I had ZERO desire to kill myself.Side effects: Major leg tremors (I take Effexor). I feel a little flat, but NO complaints; I can 't REMEMBER the last time I wasn 't suicidal, DAILY. I 'm STUNNED at how this &quot;alternative&quot; feels &amp; am glad I held on long enough to experience it.
Works for Osteoarthritis and sciatica.
I have taken Linzess 290 mcg.  It is a great medicine if you have chronic constipation.  I find, as someone else said, that initially my 30 day supply works great.  After about 14 days, the effectiveness decreases with time.  I keep it in a dry place with the moisture packs but repeatedly have this issue.  I contacted Allergan about my findings. They were interested in the quality of the medication and stated they would follow up.  I agree that the pills should be packaged in blister packs.  Hope they hear our issues and come up with a solution.  It is a great medicine.
I have more frequent bowel movements but not diarrhea. My total cholesterol fell from 365 to 174. My HDL only decreased minimally from 42 to 37. My most interesting side effect is that I have had a tremendous increase in libido. I 'm on testosterone replacement and about 8 meds for my heart disease and had minimal to moderate sex drive for about 5 years. There have been no changes in my meds or anything else except for the addition of Praluent. I am a 65 year old male.
I 've been on Cymbalta for a year now. I had a bad truck wreck and had to have my neck fused. I was taking 60mg of hydrocodone and it kept me from taking care of my company. Started with 60mg  of Cymbalta and after about six months went to 30mg. Things so far have been great. My wife is happy because my bad temper has gone. Side affects have been, sweating bad at night and less sleep. Over all it has been a life saver.
My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex April 1. We were so scared we waited 24 hours to get the pill. What can I say I had no symptoms at all my period comes the 22 of every month and today is Apr 8 and I got it!! I got it so early and very light I usually have it very heavy and I 'm happy.
I needed to share my experience because I 've been going crazy searching for piece of mind these last few days. I had stopped the birth control pill in late September because of high blood pressure and since then stopped my periods. I always use protection and didn 't like just trusting condoms. The one time I used just condoms it has slipped off during ovulation or what I think was ovulation. 48 hours later was when I could took the Plan B, 7 exhausting days later I started getting pains in my right ovary but no period. The next day I had no cramping and a little drop of blood. That scared me becuse I hear that women can have implantation bleeding. The day after that I woke up to really bad cramping and heavy bleeding. I really hope that means It worked.
Adderall can have a remarkable and immediate effect.  I have heard it described as &quot;like opening a window shade in a darkened room&quot;.  Used in concert with counselling and dietary management, it can have very positive effects.  I wish it had been given to me when I was young and struggling with my schooling!
I have been on Revatio for two years now. Started with two pills (40mg) three times a day and have worked up to the max of four pills (80mg) three times a day. At first I did get the nasal congestion but now everything is normal.  I am also on Letaris and warfarin.  
I suffered from tremendous pain beinning at the age of 12 and did not find out that I had IC until age 14. At that time I was told that IC was untreatable and began using catheters. However, that lasted for maybe a few weeks. A couple years later, I learned of a urologist in the area who performed the hydro-extension of my bladder, which worked for a few months. She shortly after prescribed Elmiron for me. I currently take and have been taking for the past 4 years, 200mg twice a day (400mg) total. The pain has subsided greatly but I still experience some amounts of pain; nothing close to before though. I have not experienced any hair loss but want to try something different before such occurs.
Its the best medicine for period pain so far.. I usually experience severe pain in my abdomen .. I take up to 4 pills every 6 hours on my first days.. but to be honest its a magical medicine.  I recommend it to every women that cant bare her period pain
My doctor just put me on Lyrica 25 mg tablet twice a day. The first day I took one dose around lunch the other before bedtime and got sleepy in the day. Anyway I emailed doctor he said only take the one at nite but I decided to take both at nite and feel great! I have suffered for years with fibromyalgia and cymbalta was not working for the fibromyalgia but I also take cymbalta for depression so still on that added the Lyrica and feel that the great pain is so much less, my knees and ankle pain, burning sensation all down, and finally get a good sleep without all the leg pain. I am thankful for this drug and finally can get my life back on track and finally see light at the end of my long tunnel of dealing with this horrible condition.
Diagnosed with ADD when I was 9 I first as a child used Ridalin but for years after that I didn 't have access to the right doctors to continue this or something similar. It took me until I was in my early 20 's to find a doctor to prescribe me Dexidrene. It allowed me to keep my job due to the effects. There are some side effects, dry mouth (that goes away after a while), increased sex drive and at times can make me feel in a daze if I am not actively busy. You take it as you need it in some respects. I have always been on SR Sustained release and used generic.I can attest having been on several different medications in my life, this is what did it for me.
This medicine saved my life.  I would of never been able to finish college.  it took two trips to the psych ward and complete honesty with the doctor to get me the right medicine but ever since I 've been put on it- no more pounding heart, no more manic episodes, no more depersonalize.  It is truly a blessing to experience life a little better.
I have had the Implanon for almost 3 years. It 's almost time to have it taken out. I have loved Implanon all 3 years. I have only had spotting when I was extremely stressed, other than that, no periods, no mood swings, no side effects. It 's great for busy people who can 't remember a pill. If I wasn 't planning on conceiving in the next year, I would get another one. The only downfall is you have to be certain you want it, being as it is a surgical procedure to put it in and take it out. Which by the way was not bad at all. They numb you up and all you feel is slight pressure. Before you know it, it 's finished. I recommend Implanon to all my friends who need birth control.
No discernible side effects. I have taken it for more than 3 years and it works for me. I now have blood pressure less than 120/80 which was previously 140/120, although I watch my diet and exercise now, which helps.
My 7 year old started taking Vyvanse last week.  The same day she started the drug her teacher could tell she was doing much better.  It has given her a voice and she is on top of the world and so proud of herself.  She is so happy and so am I. I was always so sad because I couldn 't help her and now Vyvanse has helped.
I have been using this cream (which my GP fought for on the NHS, UK) for about 12 years.  I had always had a lot of blonde facial hair but, following menopause and stopping HRT at age 60, I began to grow a full beard, face and neck.  The dermatologist first suggested waxing, a task which my husband performed for me.  This worked for a short time, after which I noticed stubble the day after waxing.  I had my androgens (male hormones) checked and indeed had too many.  They can be countered by estrogen but, since I have breast cancer 8/8 estrogen positive, this was not an option. Finally and in desperation I begged the dermatologist for another solution and Voila! Vaniqa!  I still pluck some stubborn whiskers every day and losing weight helps.
I think that it has turned my lips black,  unless there 's something else wrong. I don 't know. I love the medication. It really works and right away. My mouth, throat, and chest stopped hurting after taking it twice. I have coughed up blood before I started this medication. My cough is better also. I just can 't figure out why my lips are black. I go to the doctor this week for a biopsy,  so, I 'll show the doctor.
I got out of jail in January 2015 for a probation violation for a failed drug test. I had been addicted to pain pills since I was 14 years old, and here 20 years later I was still addicted to opiates. I had been to rehab, was on 120mg of methadone for 4 years and got arrested for selling my take homes. So I went to jail cold turkey and almost died in jail, it took me almost a month to get over my withdrawals. So when I got out of jail, my girlfriend was on suboxone, and told me how much better she felt, so I figured what the hell, I had tried everything else. So I went to the doctor 2 years ago this month, and was put on 8mg Subutex twice a day. I now live a normal, happy life! This is truly a miracle drug, and it saved my life!
I had what was called depersonalization and derealization from my severe anxiety. I tried every natural thing i could think of. Exercise, eat right, distraction etc... but i lost hope because i couldn 't push past this feeling. So i tried zoloft as my last hope and started with 25mg and i had some side effects but not bad. I will say it was worth it. My dr upped it to 50mg which gave me the most benefit. It was a lifesaver! Im so glad i tried it. I took it for 6 months and weaned from it 6 months and it was perfect. However 3 years later i have bad anxiety again due to stressors in my life so im willing to try it again but as far as dissasociating still very minimal. Hope this helps.
I put both bottles in a ziplock bag filled with ice in my fridge 3 hours before my first dose (I think this helped a great deal to make it able to drink quickly). Started Suprep at 6 pm - drank 16 oz mixture in 20 minutes - started 1st 16 oz of water 5 minutes later then immediately started 2nd 16 oz of water.  Was done with water by 7 pm. Had to go to bathroom for first time about 30 minutes after drinking Suprep - after about 20 minutes, I was able to take 2 Gas-x tablets as directed. Visited bathroom for the next hour on a regular basis. By 8.30 pm the rush to get to the bathroom was over. Hopefully the 6.45am prep will go as well.
Severe Migraines/Cluster Headaches: 8  years. Intensity/frequency varies.  intensity is around 9-10(10 point scale) frequency is around 3 - 4 per week, some lasting 2 -3 days. I have tried many medications, most Triptans - Maxalt, Zomig, Relpax, Frova. Axert works well for me, but when it doesn 't I use Alsuma Injection. It works like a Epipen injection you give yourself. Place the pen against your skin and push hard. There is a jolt, and then the needle point emerges and you keep it there for 5 seconds. The pain from the prick is not bad because the needle is small. The jolt is kinda scary. I have to brace myself, but way worth it. It WORKS. Some nausea, but not much other side effects. I usually go to sleep right after I take it.
This medicine is a lifesaver. It enables me to travel. It lets me do just about anything. I had a cholecystectomy 5 years ago and still suffer from chronic diarrhea. I was taking cholestyramine before this. The cholestyramine worked, but it is very difficult to take especially when traveling. You have to time your other medicines and be able to mix it in a drink. With Lotronex I just take one pill and I 'm good for the day. I still have to take Lomotil several times a day, but you don 't want to overdose on the Lotronex due to ischemic colitis. This medicine is expensive but definitely worth it!
I was under huge amounts of stress. Divorce, Lost my home my car and no child support. Then 2 of my kids left for college. I went on like this for 3 years and finally broke down. I couldn 't function I couldn 't go out in public, I hated life, l felt like the worst person in the world and wanted to die. I finally went to the doc. She gave me 50mg and it made my anxiety sky rocket...helped my depression though. Cut me back to 25mg No luck, went back to 50mg with Ativan as needed. Finally after 2 months I went up to 100 mg with clonazepam as needed and now I am depression and anxiety free and no more clonazepam. No more negative ruminating thoughts, no more feelings of worthlessness. It has brought me back to life which I have not felt for YEARS!
I was a smoker for at least 25 yrs. Tried a few times to stop on my own w/o much success. When I asked my Doc for Chantix he prescribed it and it totally worked by the time I completed 1st script! No bad side effects at all but a good side effect, prior to taking I always had terrible nightmares. Once on Chantix those completely stopped. This was 5 yrs ago and have never had a craving for a smoke since, even when in a room with smokers! This stuff was amazing, thank you!!!!!
At 19 I started experiencing SEVERE cystic acne-constant dime, penny, and nickel sized cysts, usually 3-5+ in various spots on my face at a time. They were embarassing &amp; extremely painful to the point of having limited facial movement/expression. After 2 years of trying everything possible (including painful cortisone shots!) I went to a new derm who finally let me try Zenatane (generic brand Accutane). My acne did get worse at first, then I began to see real results at ~ month 5. After 9 months of treatment I was completely clear &amp; have been clear ever since. I did experience many side effects such as extreme dryness, INSANE mood swings, bad body aches, hemorrhoids, tirediness, &amp; more, but it was all worth it. Don 't give up on the process!
I have been taking opiates for years. In the last year and a half it really spiralled out of control. I was completely addicted to oxycontin. I had to have it everyday and spent so much money on it. I tried several times to quit cold turkey. The physical withdrawals I could handle but PAWS was another story. I never made it past 2 weeks. Finally i tried Suboxone. I am on day 10 and it has been so easy. I take 8mg twice a day and will reduce it to 4mg twice a day. While I know iIwill need to get off the Suboxone at some point, it is better than buying oxy 's everyday and spending goodness knows how much money. My only regret is that I didn 't go on it sooner. I am so happy with myself and feel like I have my life back.
I am amazed at how this medication changed my life. I often compare myself to a duck in water, where the problems just glide right over me, which never used to be the case.  Issues that may have cause depression or anxiety in the past are now handled without confusing emotions.  The only reason I give it a 9 are the horrific side effects if I miss even one dose.  Strange nightmares, shaking, confusion and even an odd ability to sleep for more than 10 hours straight. Does it deter me from continuing with this medication? Absolutely not.
This stuff works better than anything else.  Don 't waste your time with all the OTC stuff.  After I started Valtrex my cold sore was gone in two days
Last night before I went to bed I was feeling very constipated. I took 2 Dulcolax laxative tablets and went to bed. Today I am at work and I took my lunch break at noon. I started feeling like I had to lets say &quot;go&quot;. I went in the bathroom and was in there for almost a half an hour,and lets just say I was sitting down that entire time. I now feel 100% better and I would recommend this product to anyone who is suffering from constipation.
I have been on the patch for 4 years. This is the best birth control method. Of course like anything, your body has to get used to a foreign object that 's attached to your body and let 's estrogen through your skin. Your body will go through changes (nausea, sweats, headaches), but good luck finding a method that will leave you symptom free. Once you get through that yucky part, you 'll notice weight gain and also your breasts will get larger and tender. For most, I don 't think this goes away. For myself, I do have a little bit of a tummy (I 'm 105lbs) and my boobs have gone up a whole cup size. I find the patch to be insanely convenient. After years of using it, I have zero problems with it. I can only say great things about this BC method!
I 've been on Bactrim for about 4 years now. Once per day. When I stop taking it my acne flares up. Hopefully it 's not something I have to take for the rest of my life, by it definitely works when used!
I mean I love the pill the only problem I seem to have with it is headaches and trying to remember to take it every day at the same time.... But I havnt had a problem with the other side effects at all sense being on it and have only been on it for two months.
Effective and not irritating
I have recently been diagnosed with bipolar disorder, and have found Lamictal (lamotrigine) to not only balance my mood, but to elevate me back to feeling human.  This is profound and very refreshing.  Having experienced mild to very severe depression all of my life, I have also had an acute and moderately severe manic episodes. Over the past two months I have worked my Lamictal dose very slowly up to 200mgs of Lamictal coupled with 25 to 100mg of Seroquel (primarily for insomnia and secondarily for mood).  Side effects have included memory loss, word recall problems, and distinct weight gain (even though I exercise often and rigorously).  Overall I would say this is a wonderful medicine.
I am not enforcing anybody to use this drug, that is not my intention, but I have to express how happy I am to my general practionair for prescribing me this wonderful pill. I have been extremely anxious for several days, so anxious I failed to attend my driving test. I have had chest pain and tightness for several days. Once I took 5mg Diazepam (Valium), within 1.5 hours it was all gone, the anxiety had subsided and I was able to sleep like a baby throughout the whole night. It is morning now, and I still don 't feel anxious, neither am I experiencing any pains or tightness anymore. Definitely 10/10.
Doctor had me on Xanax three times a day to try and stop my anxiety depression from furthering. While Xanax is wonderful for anxiety, be careful, the withdrawal can be nasty if you don 't get off it properly. Needless to say I get timid taking it now cause of that. However, it helps in times of crisis.
Prozac has really helped me a lot. I was having all kinds of anxiety thoughts and having stomach pain caused my anxiety. I had a eye twitch for about a month that went away. I highly recommend this or Lexapro for anxiety!
I have had the Mirena for 3 years. The doctor recommended the Mirena because I had such bad menstrual cycles. The actual procedure of putting it in was just slightly painful. It will be different for everyone since we are all slightly different. I did suffer some cramping for a few days after and had light spotting for about 2 months. After the spotting I no longer suffered terrible cycles I may spot for a day every 6 months or so. We all have different bodies but for me this works! I am looking forward to another.
I started taking Adipex -phentermine35.7 August 6, 2015 weighing 195.7. I take half a pill in the morning and another half around 1. I am on my 9th day today and weighing in at 181.1. That is 14.6 lbs in 9 days. I drink a ton of water, which the dry mouth helps me with that. I follow a very strict Atkins diet and I do not miss a meal. I have not given it a 10 because I want see what happens when I get to my weight goal and stop the medication. I was jittery for the first week, but that has passed.
I 've been taking Provigil (200mg) a day now for about a year.  My neurologist prescribed it for my MS fatigue.  At first, I felt like I was having a &quot;party in my head&quot;, but that only lasted for a week or so.  I also got a slight headache during this time.  Nothing huge that a normal dose of Advil wouldn 't solve.  That doesn 't happen anymore though.  I definitely have to take it early in the morning or I will be up too late (2-3 AM).  I find that I am much more focused on whatever task I need to do, including driving.  When my husband and I go on a road trip I seem to be the one who will NOT get sleepy and &quot;entranced&quot; by long miles in the dark.  Definitely, Do Not have any alcohol with this medicine, even 1 or 2 drinks = unfun!
I had Nexplanon inserted 8/13. Insertion wasn 't bad, the thought of it was worse than the actual procedure. Little to no bruising, the healing process was quick and painless. The first few months I only had spotting here and there a couple times during the month. Then no spotting or periods, no cramps or any other of my usual symptoms. But right at a year, I started having monthly, slightly heavier, periods, which then progressed into two periods a month. One is worse than the other, heavy, cramps and overall fatigue. I still spot, randomly. Mainly during/after sex. Overall, I love the effectiveness and ease of Nexaplanon, I don 't see myself changing any time soon, but I will talk to my doctor about the periods.
I 've been taking 40mg of Fetzima daily for the past 9 months.  For me it 's hands down the best antidepressant I 've ever tried.  My mood is significantly better and I have more energy.  Most importantly it has lifted my need for other mood altering medicines.  I have been sober for four months without really trying.  Amazingly I no longer feel the need to &quot;escape&quot; reality.  I hope and pray it continues to work as it 's given me a glimpse of what life without addiction and depression can be.  It 's been life changing.  As for side effects I have noticed an increase in irritability.  I have had inconsistencies in the bedroom as well.  Sometimes good, sometimes bad.  Overall well worth it for me!
My injections are done in the morning and before I take Victoza my sugar is at 102. It was getting out of control with Amaryl and Metformin only. This has been the &quot;answer&quot; for me.  I have had a little bruising from injections but that is the only side effect.
I have been on this for 2 days and already lost 3 pounds. I am not hungry at all and I love it so far. Really haven 't had any side effects.
Full-blown panic attack at age 33, prescribed Xanax 0.25 mg for several years. No problems but general anxiety still existed.  Went off medication several times and within one year of each attempt other panic attacks set in; solely prescribed 100 mg Sertraline.  Have never had another panic attack but have gotten close to experiencing one several times. Am now 66 years of age.  What a boon this medication has been for me!
I have had chronic migraines for 16 years.  Because of my hyper-sensitivity to many medications (antidepressants, Topamax, Depakote, and the list keeps going), I had a great deal of trouble finding a preventative medicine that my body could tolerate at a therapeutic dose. Keppra keeps my migraines to a minimum (about 8 per year, which is so much better than the every-other-day I was experiencing).  I do have some fatigue and depression as side effects, but they are worth the trade off.
This medication opened up a whole new world for me.  I developed a very bad anxiety &amp; panic disorder and lived with it for years. Therapy and many other medications did not help! Didn 't notice much of a difference initially but by the time I was up to 1mg 3 times a day my life so greatly improved.  I currently take another medication (Xanax).  I was taken off the medication because I became an alcoholic. When I detoxed from alcohol I was immediately taken of Klonopin. My only concern for people that are taking it is that if they decide to stop, please withdraw from it properly by a gradual reduction over a period of time.  The hospital took me off of it without gradually reducing it.  The withdrawal was horrible!
Although the pill did make me last longer it also gave me heartburn and blurred vision and some other side effects
I have ear popping from sinus problems. It toke a couple weeks before I noticed a difference but it dose work well. Thank you!
After the barbaric method of putting me under more than 50 years ago (they made me breath ether directly off a face mask) this propofol was a god sent. I closed my eyes for what seemed like 5 seconds and when I opened my eyes the procedure was done!
I 've read so many horror stories about this drug, that I thought I best give a good review! I 've gone from a self-harming mess. Scared of getting in my car because I might crash and die. Walking past a pond and not wanting to commit suicide, but thinking I could happily sink to the bottom and be at &quot;peace&quot;. I 've been on 150mg for three months now. I sing to my dogs again, I laugh at stupid stuff, I 'm productive in work. I lost two stone in ten weeks from not eating and I didn 't realise how ill I was until I went to see my Dr. I 'm happy to put up with the teeth clenching and the fact that it 's really hard to orgasm because I feel human again. Get past the first three weeks side effects when you feel AWFUL!! I 've never felt better now though.
Found pill to be very good no side effects lost 10 lb in 3 weeks
Once the Cluster Headache begins, it takes 11 minutes for the medication to kick in and eliminate the headache for me.
I am 22 years old and have had implanon inserted twice. By my 23rd birthday in September, I will be due for the 3rd insert. I first got implanon when I was 16 after failing with the patch and the shot. I spotted for about 2 weeks when I first had it inserted and then I didn 't have a period for about a year and returned to normal. The second insert caused me to spot for a few days, and after that I 've had light, sporadic periods. I haven 't had any unusual weight gain. I met my ex boyfriend right before my 18th birthday and were together until I was 21, having unprotected sex all the time. When we broke up, he ended up impregnating another woman so the birth control worked. I plan to keep getting implanon inserted until I 'm ready for a family
Sertraline changed my life. My anxiety attacks began in the fall, and as a university student, there were little options or ways to cope without it affecting my studies and social life. I eventually stopped going to class, believing that there was going to be no solution. I began taking sertraline and even with a small dose (which eventually increased) I felt better. I almost feel better than I did before I was aware of my anxiety. I wasn 't educated and was a non-believer thinking that medication could truly solve problems in your head but after finally listening and taking advice it did for me. May not work for everyone, but thought I would share my experience.
I started taking Phentermine on 2/20/15.  My weight was 418.5.  As of 4/9/15 My weight dropped to 396.5.  22 lbs down!  I can 't express my happiness.  I can 't say that I have been absolutely strict and following the plan my doctor set forth but nevertheless with the changes I have made I am seeing results.  I think out of the entire 7 weeks I exercised 1 full week.  Other than that I have basically just been making changes in my eating habits leaving bread, pasta, and sugar completely alone.  My goal is to lose 100 lbs by the end of 2015 and I really do believe that Phentermine will help me accomplish that!  My experience with the drug has been terrible dry mouth and sometimes spurts of energy.  Good luck to everyone.
I was real scared about getting Implanon after reading about it. The process about 15 mins. They numb your arm and it does burn going in for about a min. Then they use another needle to insert. I felt the pressure of them putting it in. I turned my head the whole time so I didn 't see anything. Afterwards I had to sit for a couple of minutes to make sure I wouldn 't have an allergic reaction. A couple of days later, the small hole in my arm started to itch really bad because it was healing. The first month nothing happened. I had it inserted while on my period. The second month I was on period for a whole month but it wasn 't a regular period. It wasn 't as heavy but it was darker than usual. I called my doctor and she said that was normal. I recommend Implanon.
I have been taking 160mg/25  for 5 years &amp; have had no problems. No side affects at all. Had to change as insurance company will not pay for it $126.00 month.
Hi all, I only just picked up the prescription today and just wanted to say that I was feeling nervous about side effects but after reading quite a few of your stories, I am now feeling very positive. My specialist is in the Gastroenterology Dept. at the hospital and the hospital Pharmacy supplied them, no cost whatsoever. It 's a 12 week course.I thought this tiredness, lack of energy, lack of concentration and the feeling of a foggy brain was from depression, now after reading your stories I realize it 's from the HepC. I am so happy to read that all those symptoms disappear while taking Harvoni and that people are now cured.Looking forward to reading more positive stories and watching mine and others progress.
Ten years ago I developed terrible insomnia.  I am a lawyer, and getting 2-3 hours of restless sleep a night nearly ruined me.  I was first on Ambien, which never gave me real rest. Eight years late, I am still taking 3 mg of Lunesta every night.  I sleep 7-8 hours every night.  I have never developed a tolerance to it, never had sleepwalking or other issues.  In fact, on Lunesta, I dream!  My sleep cycle is pretty much normal. This has given me ten years of steady sleep, with no real side-effects.  When I go off it for a night or two, I have no major rebound issues. Lunesta has literally given me my life back, and the confidence I will sleep every night.
I began Brintellix @ 5mg/day. I was under a tremendous amount of stress at work (throwing up from anxiety on my way to work). I did not have any side effects and this may be because I had been taking Effexor for the first time ever in the month leading up to this.  Effexor gave me terrible nausea and general strange feelings.  I stopped the Effexor when I began Brintellix. Brintellix balanced my moods and even helped with my anxiety, which I have been told it tends not to help with.  Within a month or so I felt normal again, I hadn 't felt like that in years.  YEARS! I was enjoying music, gardening, and WANTED to exercise again, and that helped tremendously.  I SLEEP SOOOO MUCH BETTER!  My pysch Dr was shocked insurance covered the drug.
Wow! I should not be susprised after all I did pray for fast relief from that miserable symptoms I had. I hate to think that someone with have to do without because they could not afford this med. 
I am 89 years old today. My doctor and I have been working deligently for at least two years to find the right  combination to lower my high blood press. I experienced the worst side effects of each.  Several months ago he combined Bystolic, Benica, Spironilactone and Norvasc. My blood pressure is holding a very comfortable 130/135 over 60/66.  Side effects seem to be I require 8 to 10 hours sleep at night. That I am not used to. I am clearing up a rash,which I believe is from Toprol.  Other than that I believe I am being plagued with that A.G.E. disease; can 't avoid that one.
My 14 yr old son takes this medication for ADHD. He had bad side effects from Ritalin and so his Psychiatrist put him on dextroamphetamine extended release, 10mg/day. The difference was amazing! No side effects at all and his grades went from C 's to A 's in two months time. He is calmer, more interested in learning, and his overall attitude has vastly improved. His teachers noticed the difference immediately. I wish I had known about this medication when his sister was dealing with severe ADHD. I highly recommend this treatment, in contest with real life changes, such as making sure kids with ADHD have enough stimulation (tablet, laptop, sports, etc.) and always remember ADHD kids need very short term punishments instead of normal ones.
On and Off depression and severe anxiety for 40 years.  Tried many medications, most with very uncomfortable side-effects.  Changed to Celexa over 8 years ago with remarkable results and absolutely no discernible side-effects.  Doctor had changed medicine to something new about 3 years ago and my wife made me go back to Celexa after only a few months.  Under extreme stress anxiety does return, but not nearly as severe.   I am now 62 years old.
I 've been on this birth control for 4 years now and love it! No crazy side effects, and light periods.
Very sudden and  severe backpain after bending sideways in bathroom continuing for 4 days reduced 80 % with two doses of this medicine.Ibubrofen ,SN 15 and Advil could not bring down pain.Good relief from pain.
I have taken Zyrtec since it came out years ago. It is the only thing that works for me. And believe me over the last 45 years I have tried everything!  I have year round allergies and dog allergies. Once in a while (when the pollen count hits the roof as it does in Missouri) I have to also take an over the counter medication with it.
I have been taking Xanax for about one month now, and my life has drastically changed.  I get really bad hot flashes and when I started taking this I noticed immediate results.  One huge tip I have is to eat really healthy, and also on days where you have time take xanax and go workout hard.  Run on the treadmill, lift weights, or swim.  With all these things incorporated into my life I am much happier, have my social life back and I am able to show my natural talents without the fear of doom.
I suffer with depression and PTSD. My Psychiatrist didn 't want to prescribe Zopiclone as he said it 's addictive but told me to try Promethazaine as said it 's not addictive and I can take it every night. I found it to be very effective. I do feel quite tired in the morning but that 's a small price to pay for continuous sleep. It hasn 't stopped the nightmares but I 'm getting to sleep quicker and staying asleep longer - definitely worth trying!
Harvoni Rules !!!!!  I was cured in 4 weeks of treatment !!!!!
Vagifem greatly helps me with my atrophic vagnitis.  I was having extreme burning and pain.  I only wish I did not have to take this the rest of my life like my doctor advised me.  The mediciation sometimes gives me a slight headache.
I use psyllium husk every day to keep me regular. But once in awhile I need a little extra boost. I take a half a pill before bed (really difficult to cut in half even with a pill cutter) and after my 2nd cup of coffee...TOUCHDOWN. No cramps...works great
I am on my second month of Contrave and I am down 18lbs. I follow a lower carb diet and exercise about 2-3 times a week. First medicine that has helped me lose. I normally lose and gain back due to hormone issues, but this actually works! I would recommend to anyone.
My experience with Relpax mirrors those reported by many other users on this site: its a miracle. I 've suffered from migraines since childhood through my adulthood and have been prescribed a number of medicines with no success. Relpax was most effective for me when taken upon onset, however a standard dose will vanquish a migraine within 45 minutes. I can 't tell you how this medicine increased my quality of life and how relieved I felt to finally locate something that worked after 20 years of suffering. Again, this medication is expensive even with co-insurance. But for me it was worth having my life back.
My experience with taltz has been wonderful as far as the improvement but the cost of $12,500 is really outrageous. I was started by my dermatologist on samples and then hit with the price. I feel that this is discrimination and price gouging. If I was in a lower income bracket I would only have to pay $25.00 so apparently the cost to me and others is supplementing other people. I get regular phone calls from a nice little girl from Lilly Cares and I told her it 's more like Lilly doesn 't give a damn. I am now consulting an attorney and looking for other medications
Works very well. No noticable side effects.
Amazing. Helps me fall asleep. I don 't have a problem staying asleep,  just getting in the mode to fall asleep.  This medication is amazing. I do not feel loaded at all,  I dont wake up groggy,  I just lay my head on the pillow and Sonata does the rest.
We had sex with a condom while possibly ovulating and the condom broke and neither of us noticed. I pulled out right before cumming but we were afraid some got in and immediately went to get Plan B. She took the pill about a half hour after sex. Cramps about a week before her period was due and she got her period a couple days early. We were afraid it was implantation cramps and bleeding because of when the cramps started and the color and how light her period was when it started. The next day she woke up with a lot more blood and continued to bleed throughout the day.
I can 't live without Orudis 200mg once daily.  Within 1 hour starts working and stops inflammation.I have been on it around 25 years and no serious side effects  !Had an asthma attack when they gave me the generic oruvail as generics only have half the main ingredient and some awful fillers. Available on our pbs in Australia
As well adapt to the blind-sided panics, this medicine does thoroughly well and makes brief adjustments to trigger an alarm to buzz and slows them down in a hurry.
I have been on Lexapro for three and a half years- it has completely changed my life, my moods, my behavior and my reactions to life for the better. I noticed an improvement within. 24 hours after starting Lexapro.
This is my first colonoscopy and wasnt sure what to expect. The Suprep was not as bad as the gallon jugs my dad described, tastes like Pedialyte. Just chugged it down followed by the two glasses of water in less than 2 min. Just go back to your college days and pound it down like  some trash can punch and get it over with!It took maybe 30 min and I felt like the demonstration of what fuel injector cleaner does. No bubble guts or anything so far but this is just the first round. Nice time to catch up on my book.
I have been taking fluoxetine for 3 months. I 'd been suffering from stress and anxiety which caused depression. It took 2-3 weeks until I noticed the benefit, luckily I didn 't have any side effects (other than weight loss, bonus!). Now I feel like I always did before life started wearing me down, friends and family have noticed. I 'm happy and it feels natural I thought that taking tablets would make me appear like and feel like I was on medication. Far from it I feel like myself.I have since found out that my cousin and my mum had both been prescribed it in the past and both had discontinued after a week as they suffered from night tremors. I would not have taken it if I had known this. However I am so glad I have.
This is the only antibiotic I will request for both of my children when they have ear infections. It is a one dose a day medicine that begins working very quickly and clears the infection. Diarrhea is a side effect, but can be controlled with diet and limiting dairy.
30 with great testosterone levels but recently been having issues in the bedroom with new girlfriend. Talked to doctor because I just couldn 't understand it. Had some anxiety after a stomach illness and just thought it may have trickled into my mind and how I have sex. In any event the doctor gave me Cialis, took 10mg last night. I literally can 't stop getting erections. Now I 'm walking around trying to walk off an erection. This stuff works! I 've been flying at half staff a lot too. No side effects either, I took one 5mg pill and about 30 mins later took another 5mg pill. I 'd say it 's worth the shot for anyone needing to boost confidence down there.
I suffer from anxiety, depression and panic attacks. 9/10 because its working for me but it 's only the second anti-depressant I 've used. I was prescribed Cymbalta but had terribble nausea, body tremors, hot flashes and panic attacks.  With Pristiq I had nausea for three days but it was bearable and I was really restless. I had so much energy I walked around the block 3 times a day or more in the first week. It did stir up my depression and I had suicidal thoughts which is quite controversial because I never want to die and know in myself I would never do that to my girlfriend and my family I had insomnia the on the second night after starting my Pristiq but have had no insomnia ever since. All my side effects were gone after a week and then I was given a prescription for it. Life changing stuff.
I love Lyrica, it works well.
These postings are amazing for me. I was diagnosed with depression at 17 (59 now) and over the years have taken everything fro Prozac to Paxil to Welbutrin, and many others. Four years ago I was diagnosed with severe rheumatoid arthritis, and just a few months ago I was prescribed Tramadol for pain, while it did help somewhat with pain I suddenly noticed my depression was lifting for the first time in over 30 years. The difference is amazing and life changing. In addition I can go several days to a week with out it and I feel no withdrawal symptoms. I used to cry all the time, constant thoughts of suicide and I 'd stay in bed for days at a time. Now I exercise daily, ride my bike frequently (which also helps with the depression)
I have had panic disorder since I was 15 years old. Paxil has truly improved my life. 20mg doesn 't seem to be enough but 40mg does the trick. The only side effects I have is that I sweat more and I have less energy. Paxil is a life saver!
Immediate results in lowering my blood pressure and holding steady after 2 weeks. Having feeling of light-headedness but doesn 't last very long. Seems to be a great drug...so far so good.
When I was 33 I weighed 185 lbs. I am only 5 '3 so I was extremely over weight. I had never had a weight problem before. My average weight was 125 to 130. After four months of staying home and not going out any, I put on the weight fast!!I started the bontril and changed everything. Didnt eat after 6, stopped drinking soda, nothing fried, no fast food, smaller plates for smaller portions and lots of water. In 3 months I got down to 122. I loved it! I tried it a second time in 2012 with no results. It was a stressful time for me. I am now doing it again and have lost 12 lbs in 2 weeks. Its a great product for weight loss! The only side affect I ever experienced was mild constipation when I didnt drink enough water!!
My doctor suggested switching to Embeda from Oxycontin -he said there was no reason to tempt my teenagers. He warned me it might take a few weeks to find just the right dose, he was right, after a couple dose adjustments I feel great and now I only have take my pain medicine twice a day.
I was on Acutane for acne. However, it caused my IBS. I was in severe pain. I tried diet changes and that seemed to help. My doctor gave me this wonderful pill! If i take it every night, I have almost no pain. I would recommend this to anyone! The only side effect that I have is a dry mouth, but I can handle that any day!
Works good, nothing negative to say.
This is the only thing that will work for me when Im having severe cold and sinus symptoms and I 've tried everything.
I have managed TMJ for all of my adult life, but the last 2 years have been the worst.  For nearly 18 months I was maxed out on naproxen to manage pain and still taking acetaminophen in between - and all that did was take the edge off the pain.  I was still severely limited in what I could eat.  Steroid injections did nothing.  I was then prescribed 10mg of baclofen.  That did nothing.  But 20mg was a whole different story.  It has now been 2 months, and I have stopped taking all pain medication completely!  I can enjoy a range of foods again and no longer suffer from chronic pain.  I am still awaiting a consult for surgery, but in the meantime baclofen has been a real game changer!!!
I started having panic attacks about 13 years ago. The Dr. gave me a few different drugs to try - all either had horrible side effects including nightmares - or did nothing. Then we tried Xanax - it was a miracle for me! one .5mg Xanax and I can function again. When I was promoted at work to a position where I would have to speak in front of a crowd I was terrified, but taking one of these has changed my life!!
it is very effective!
GREAT ADHD medication. ask for financial help. they give 12 month card that takes half off the cost of Vyvanse... take as directed.
I was prescribed a five day round with the Z-pak after developing a severe flu-like upper respiratory infection with stuffed and painful sinuses plus aches, sore throat, diarrhea, muscle pain, nausea, and more. I had a Rituxan infusion, and all of this started the next day (common side effects or adverse events). I have rheumatoid arthritis, and my immunosystem is screwed to begin with and the Rituxan infusions temporarily make it worse. So I picked up a bug; bam!Long story, short ending. The Z-pak began working almost immediately, and two hours after my second pill of 250 mg (first was 500) I don 't feel sick. My sinuses are still a bit clogged but that 's livable. I 'm impressed.
MS-Contin 60mg daily since 1998 w/breakthru pain combo w/MSC-IR 30mg 3x day. Some dizzy + naseau @times w/MSContin. Began Hysingla ER 60mg daily 3 mo ago w/excellent results.  No lumbar pain.  80% CSPINE pain reduction + NO side effects period. Does work around clock. Chronic discogenic pain in lumbar since 1989 post 3 level lumbar lami. PCDF C2-C5 + ACDF C5-C6 w/80% pain relief. Miracle Rx for me! NO addic. issues.  Feel NO high w/sustained release meds. Just wish price will go down soon! Highly recommend for those w/mod- sev lumbar pain that tolerate opiates well. Also, like MSC, NO liver panels.
FINALLY, after years of dealing with bad back acne and the embarrassment caused by it, I 'm CURED. I 've been on minocycline for a month now and my back is absolutely beautiful. I 've experienced none of the side effects unless you count losing the fifteen pounds I was trying to lose anyway. Whatever it costs, it 's worth it!
I 've been using this birth control for almost a year now. It 's my very first pill &amp; I haven 't had any problems with weight gain, mood, or even spotting in between periods. However, it is important to take it daily around the same time. At the same time is better, if possible. I use this as my main method of birth control.
I had hyperhidrosis since like forever and it was really bad. I remember when I was in elementary school when my friends played hand games and I couldn 't because I know that my palms would sweat and they 'll be disgusted by it and when I was going through puberty my under arms started to sweat and it was really embrassing I wore layers of clothes to hide the sweat but that 'll just make it worse and also shaking hands was a problem BUT Hypercare helps a lot. My life became so much more happier and I 'm glad that my doctor prescribed me Hypercare and I recommend it to anyone who suffers from hyperhidrosis.
OK had to write a review after seeing so many horror stories. My side effects were minimal, about an hour and a half after taking the 4 tablets at once as prescribed, my stomach hurt and I felt only a little sick. I laid in bed and just rode it out by napping. When I woke up I had one minor episode of diarrhea and then, done. It was definitely nothing like some of the bad experiences I 've read on here. Many folks review because they had a bad experience and folks who have no side effects tend to not care enough to report their non-eventful experience. Keep that in mind if you 're nervous! Definitely worth the 30 minutes of a little stomach ache to make yourself healthy. Just eat beforehand and after, you will be solid. It was no big deal.
With a combination of Cipro and some Mucinex my sinus problems were gone in 24 hours. I 'm finishing the medicine and feeling great.
Been on this for about a week. So far the pros are: I am much calmer. I have a very stressful job that used to have me yelling and wanting to pull my hair out. Now I 'm calmly discussing issues with a reasonable mind. Also I noticed I have more energy and much more positive outlook on life. I 've even lost a few pounds because my appetite is somewhat suppressed. The cons are: very vivid dreams. Just about every night I have a very lucid and lengthy dream about something in my life. Another con is the first few days I felt a little &quot;out of it&quot; as others have said, but that stopped after about 3-4 days. The last con is that it 's expensive. I have two insurances and still had a copayment. But I like it so much, it 's worth the price.
I have metal rods on my spine, my lower back gets a burning. I take naproxen it takes it out in about 1 hour.
It feels slightly more effective than Prozac. I was slightly nauseous for about 24 hours after my first dose. In my opinion, the only downside to Trintellix is the price.
I 've now been using Seasonique for a year and I 've been completely happy and unbelievably satisfied with this product. I have endometriosis so when my period came before I was on birth control it was dreadfully painful for the three to five days while I was on my period. I tried Yaz and it only made my periods regular, then I tried NuvaRing and that actually made my cramps worse and lasted for an entire week. After that I did tons of research and decided to try Seasonique. And for the past year I have only had maybe 2 hours worth of cramps the entire time. During the second refill I only blotted a little, but overall every symptom that follows endometriosis has disappeared! I highly recommend Seasonique. It 's fantastic!
Easy to take.   A little leg pain (not sure if it 's related to meds)...besides that absolutely no side effects. I take with a good meal.
Started Victoza 10 days ago. Lost 8 lbs. in the first 9 days! Also on Metformin 500mg ER 3X a day. Blood sugars are great! Running between 80-130 at different points throughout the day. Fasting blood sugars running around 70, when they were at 400 before treatment with Victoza. Nausea in the first few days on the 0.6 dose of the Victoza. Nausea has subsided with no other side effects besides loss of appetite, which is great!
My doctor had a compounding pharmacy make the equivalent for me.  Only cost $22.  I hear some of the people paying $500 for the prescription type?Anyway, before taking the medicine, I bled everyday.  No pain but lots of blood for several years.  After about 3 days the bleeding has stopped.  As my doctor suggested, I continue to take the medicine for at least one month.Bottom line is that it let the fissure heal.  Whether it will begin bleeding again after the medicine is stopped is another question.  I hope not.
I 'm a 36 year old male. I 've been dealing with major anxiety and panic attacks for about 6 years. Been on benzos for as long as I can remember. I do tend to drink a couple of times a week and while taking benzodiazepines I would black out all the time. It almost ruined my life. Until one day about 4 months ago my doctor introduced me to Viibryd. It has changed my life. I 've tried it all, Lexapro, Zoloft, Prozac, Wellbutrin, Zyprexa, and many others. Had many sexual side effects among others.The first week with Viibryd I had nausea. It 's a good idea to eat before taking Viibryd. I now have very little if any panic attacks. They are easy to deal with and control now. I even drink on Viibryd. Though I 'm sure it 's not recommended.
I 've been suffering from urinary tract infections for most of my adult life. The first Dr that prescribed Cipro for me was a &quot;Saint&quot;! Nothing else works for me like it. I take 500mg twice a day for a week to 10 days. I insist on this medication. I 've never had any issues with any side effects... Only amazing relief! I 'm now in my late 60 's and I still take this when I have a UTI.
Great! Received IV drip and felt better in less than 6 hours after IV! Miracle!
Basically the only medication that works for me to combat the infections that arise from Darier 's disease (a genetic skin disease).
I started taking Tramadol for undiagnosed knee pain about ten years ago.  It was a miracle.  I was actually able to walk for most of the day without pain.  I finally had knee surgery, so I only had to take it a couple times a week.  Then, I was diagnosed with Fibromyalgia 5 years ago and had brain surgery, which I have had many bad effects from.  The tramadol and also Percocet get me through my days.  I want to kiss whoever created the tramadol.
I was prescribed 3mg a day but don 't want to take that much so I am trying hard to tapper to 2mg I am at 2.25mg. I still sometimes feel a little bit of anxiety not real bad but catch myself starting to get in my head and then I will breath and talk myself out of my head but why can 't the medicine just keep me out of my head all the time. I never had any anxiety or panic disorder, I have always had manageable obsessive compulsive disorder. Will I ever feel like me again? I know if I am not careful I would  become home bound and just sit and waste. I have a young daughter and it is not fair for her. The Klonopin does work but I feel like I can feel it wear off or that it is coming time for my next dose, or is that all in my crazy head.
Wow, was prescribed this for back issues that were apparently muscular in nature, but I was convinced was an actual spinal issue. The pain in my back was so bad. At the same time, my doc 's were trying in vain to find out what was causing chronic diarrhea for the past 1-2 years, with no luck.Once I started on Skelaxin, not only has my back improved incredibly, all of a sudden, for the first time in a very long time, the diarrhea is gone as well! Love this medicine. Take it before bed, sleep great and wake up very clearheaded, and not in pain!
I started Qsymia on 02/8/2013.  237 lbs. No self control.  No motivation.  Insulin dependent diabetic/ cholesterol/ high blood pressure.  Felt hopeless.  Started Qsymia as last resort.  Dropped 14 pounds first month.  Slowly started feeling better getting motivation, taking control .. Started cardio, eating right. To date. 55pounds gone.  I FOUND ME again.  It is slow, but this medicine saved my life.   Side effects, dry mouth, all sweets taste horrible - which is a bonus, no appetite..  can 't sleep.   nothing I can 't handle.
I started taking Gianvi about one month ago.  Prior to that, I was on Heather 2 years.  I was prescribed Heather because I was a nursing mother.  I had bad breakouts with Heather and inconsistent long periods.  After nursing, I wanted to switch to a more effective birth control.  I was prescribed Apri and went for an emotional roller coaster.  I was only on Apri for 2 weeks and my breakouts were worse than they have ever been.  After Apri, I was switched to Gianvi.  Wow What a difference.  I have been on it for just shy of 1 month and my breakouts have stopped.  I have some scarring from my previous breakouts, but they are fading.  I have noticed that my mood seems to be &quot;normal.&quot;
After 8 days of taking this Med I have gained 4 pounds. Swelling in my feet and bruising. I got complete relief from pain but I am experiencing too many side effects. I won 't be taking this Med any longer.
I get muscle tightness and spasms often after workouts as a side effect of arthritis in my back &amp; neck (which was diagnosed for me in 2011). Flexeril was prescribed for this problem. It works great, but here is my feedback. First few times I took it, it knocked me out. Had to lay down &amp; sleep. Took awhile of taking it in smaller doses, where this effect went away. After 3 weeks of use, I started holding fluids really bad. So I no longer use it daily, only as desperately needed. Also causes constipation, so be prepared to add Fiber to your diet to help with that. When I do take it, I 'm able to work out the problem areas in my neck (which bothers me the most) with sports cream rub, while on the Flexeril. I can definitely recommend!
Overweight Mom who thought that I would be that for life. My friend who was on Jenny Craig (it did not work) used this and after following her lead we are both big losers. No side effects except a little tired first week then energy went up gradually. I take my exercise serious now and instead of losing two pounds per week I am at 3.36 per week or more. Flat out works you got nothing to lose because they give you a two week trial free. After that you will be more then happy to pay for it.
Better than Adderall for me. Adderall feels like a sledgehammer slamming my brain into focus and Concerta is like a master artist finessing my thoughts into focus as much as Adderall but so much more subtly. I will forget I am on Concerta (36 mg, may go up to 54mg), during the day. There is a noticeable tolerance that I have developed. 18mg used to pump me up, now I no longer feel 18. 36 is getting to that point with daily use. Only reason it doesn 't get a 10. Take 6000mg of fish oil daily and increase your magnesium intake.
I was diagnosed with MS in August 2016. I am a dance instructor, and noticed that I was limping, especially after class.  I had foot drop, numbness, Charlie horses and cramping at night. I have 2 small children who keep me active as well.  MS totally changed my quality of life. I am taking Copaxone 3 times a week, but it doesn 't help with the symptoms. I read about Ampyra, and because my main gripe about MS is the way I walk, I decided to ask my Neurologist if I could try it. I 've been on it for a week and already notice a difference.  I 'm hoping with time that it 'll do more for me. I chased my son around the park this weekend and noticed a huge difference when I taught class yesterday. Very glad I tried it!
Suffered for 2.5 weeks with headaches, left top side of head and back of neck.....was prescribed Naproxin before, but even with a double dose, would not work for me. My dr. immediately knew I was suffering from tension migranes.........and prescribed Butral...I took it at 6 p.m.....no headaches by 6:20. A slight headache this A.M....but I am 90% improved! I can take it every 4 hours, but have not had a dose since this morning. It is now 2:15 P.M.
I started Lutera about a month ago. I was on the Nuvaring before that. I switched to Lutera because being as active as I am, the Nuvaring somehow found it 's way out. Lutera is the first birth control pill that I have taken, and my experience has been great so far. The pills are small and easy to swallow which was a huge plus! I did not have breakthrough bleeding on the pill like I did with the Nuvaring {I skip my periods purposely by starting a new pack instead of the inactive week pill/Nuvaring} so that was fantastic as well. No pregnancies here, so it 's been very effective for that! I never had any nausea with the pill, but I did have some weight gain {about 6 pounds, which did not make me happy!}.
I have been using Flovent for about 4 months, ran out of of it and didn 't bother to refill it till my asthma started flaring up again. On the first day of use I started feeling a whole lot better! I usually wake up with wheezing, coughing, short of breath and some phlegm but since I 've been reusing this medicine, it has helped with all those awful symptoms. No side effects for me except very slight dizziness but all the worth of not feeling like complete crap!
I was diagnosed 13 years ago as bipolar. I have been on a total of 14 different medications. After a few months, the effectiveness of the medication would start to wear off. I would tell my doctor and he would up my dosage, then I would become a zombie.  Cymbalta so far has been the only medication that I have been on for more that a year and a half.  The only side effects I have noticed and that are starting to subside are; tremors, excessive sweating and night sweats, excessive rambling, minor confusion, and fatigue. They are starting to subside, but the medication has been a God send for me and my family.
I am a 43 year old female. Doctor said I am having adrenaline rushes and that its giving me high blood pressure and a rapid heart beat. 160/100 and heart beat in 120 's resting. Puts me on Azor, blood pressure came down but heart rate was still high and I was feeling like I was having anxiety attacks. Doctor decided to put me on Bystolic a week ago and the very first day I took it my heart rate came down in the 60 's and it also brought my blood pressure down to 110/65 resting. My feeling of anxiety is pretty much gone and I am feeling much better. I have slight issues with waking up in the middle of the night but I seem to be able to go back to sleep pretty quickly.
I find the main side effect is trouble reading in low light, particularly some fonts and I find that the best results with the least side effects are when after about the first month you miss three days then take for two days continuing a cycle !
I 've been using Bepreve for a week now. When Dr. prescribed Bepreve, he immediately explained how to pinch the insides by nose to prevent drainage as some people complain about a foul taste. My experience: this was kind of hard to fill. No pharmacy had it in stock, and it took a while to get. But wow! When I got it I was like omg! INSTANT RELIEF. As for the taste - it states right in the instructions to pinch your eyes the way my Dr. told me to, so follow the instructions and you 'll be fine. Once in a while, I don 't pinch long/hard enough and it does get in my mouth. It 's not that bad. If you 've ever used a nasal spray, it 's a similar taste, but not nearly as bad. Totally worth it. Can tell when I need my next dose!
I got my Nexplanon in approximately 6 weeks ago and have had no side effects so far! I had a nasty bruise from where the implant was inserted for about a week, but now there is no pain where the rod is and I can easily feel it under the skin. I was on my period when I got the Nexplanon inserted, but have not had a period since. No spotting or anything! Also have not noticed any particular weight gain or moodiness so far. I would definitely recommend this.
I have gastroparesis which causes me to be nauseous every time I eat anything. Emetrol has basically saved my life. My only problem is that I have to take it often. I go through a bottle every week or two at the max. I have taken prescription stuff but it cost me $60 for 10 pills which I go through in two weeks. I would rather spend the $12.50 per bottle. They work the same basically.
I have suffered from cystic acne for almost 10 years. I 've tried every topical known to man and not one, but TWO rounds of Accutane. But it still comes back.I started using Aczone once a day (at night) with a basic moisturizer and have noticed a phenomenal difference. It hasn 't healed me because when I 'm lazy refilling my prescription, my skin breaks out again. But at least I know it 's working when I do use it.Only downside: it 's expensive! Ask your derm for a coupon!
I have suffered from public speaking nerves for many years. I have a very successful career and managed to get so far by avoiding or getting through presentations. During the beginning of any presentations my heart would beat like it was about to explode and my mind would go blank. I took one tab 40mg an hour before and it worked like a miracle. I am so happy now.
Last week I had gotten to the point where I was screaming at everyone about nothing and I smashed my phone against the wall. I wanted to smash the T.V to bits but was able to restrain myself.  The next morning, I wrote a letter to the p doc, who added Risperdal to my other medicines, 1 mg morning, 1 mg night.  The next DAY the anger and irritability went away.  And it 's helped with depression too!
I have been drinking a half - one full liter of wine 4-7 nights every week for the last year. In the middle I had a brief 2 month period of sobriety following a wreckless decision I made while drunk, which literally scared me sober. One day I had a dinner to go to and foolishly decided it was ok to drink. I went right back to old habits and 6 months later found myself desperate to quit. My drinking problem is a secret, so I cannot do AA. I 'm taking 50 mg as needed, usually at night when I normally start to crave a drink. It has only been a week, but every time I take it I completely forget that I wanted the drink to begin with. I have had no side effects except for a &quot;pins &amp; needles&quot; feeling occasionally. It 's minor. This drug is from GOD.
I 'm back to report my findings. After a month on Stribild, my physician just called. I have less than 20 copies per ML of blood, which means I 'm clinically undetectable. This medicine has very few side effects, if any, is easy on my body and is effective at knocking down the viral load in a very short period of time. Now instead of worrying about an AIDS related illness, I can plan for the future. Get tested, get treated and stay healthy.
I take 1 mg every night and I am finally able to sleep well and wake without feeling drugged.
I start seeing what looks like bits of TV static in my vision that grows pre-migraine. This vision loss can get bad and makes me feel sick, but that is nothing compared to the migraine that follows. So as soon as I see one spot I 'll wave my hand in front of my face, if it turns out its a blind spot as these static spots are, I take a couple of these Excedrin Migraine pills. They work on me in less than half an hour, and this usually halts then reverses the vision issue and of the migraine I only feel a slight dull pressure/pain where it would have been. Unlike some... I actually see a reduction of anxiety. When taken before I go to sleep I get a much better night 's sleep. It could be because caffeine has no effect on me.
I was prescribed Lexapro after some fairly rough depression and anxiety. I had been in the hospital 3 times in 2 weeks for anxiety attacks. The first day after Lexapro, I felt the depression gone. Literally the first day. However, the first 3-4 weeks were rough. I definitely had nausea and was VERY sleepy. But after about a month, the nausea and sleepiness went away. A nurse at our doctor 's office basically told me to suck it up, and that I had to give the medicine time to work. I toughed it out, and after about 6 weeks, it was like a cloud was lifted and I have felt AMAZING ever since. I didn 't realize that I have probably had depression and/or anxiety for decades until I found out what it was like to feel great. Still great after a year.
I take Suboxone for opiate dependence. I spent 3 long years addicted to pain medication .. where I was going to get my next fix is all I could think of. Opiates destroyed my life. I went to my doctor and told him everything and he suggested that I start Suboxone therapy. That was the best day of my life! Virtually overnight I felt like I had never taken pain medicines in my life. I felt like myself again. This medication is AMAZING ...it CAN and WILL save your life.
I have very severe generalized anxiety which sometimes manifests as the inability to leave my home (or sometimes, my room). I have other psychological issues as well and Xanax can reduce a manic or psychotic episode into almost nothing. I have been thinking of asking for extended release tablets. When I feel a serious panic attack coming on it is awesome to have something that stops the attack, and doesn 't leave me too  'dopey ' feeling to go back to work or whatever I was doing. Thanks Xanax.
My initial experience  with Brintellix is very promising. I 've suffered from treatment resistive depression and Generalized anxiety disorder for many years. Name it, I 've been on it. Many medicines flatlined me emotionally, other 's amped anxiety and left me sleepless, others were weight sensitive, causing rapid weight gain (hello Remeron); others worked like a charm - until they stopped working. It 's been a 25 year struggle. My new Doc put me on Brintellix and within short days I felt more alert and  'content ' with no sleeping problems. No side effects on entry dose of 5 mg. I take 2.5 mg Klonopin when required if I have an anxiety peak - other than that I feel like the &quot;Me&quot; I knew was in there.
I am on my last day of taking this (7 days total). It has taken care of my UTI completely. The only thing that has been happening at the same time is that I can 't fall asleep until around 3am every night. I don 't know if that is because of this medication or just an issue with my brain not shutting off. I was on my computer trying to find out if sleeplessness is a side affect and ran across these reviews. Anyway, the drug itself has been fine for me. It did what it was supposed to do, cure my UTI. If sleeplessness is a side affect, then I will start getting sleep again. No biggie. :) I also took this same antibiotic last year for a UTI and it cured it fine with no side affects at all.
I was nearly killed in a bicycle verses motor vehicle accident. All things considered I am extremely lucky to be alive and still able to walk. I landed on my head and neck after striking the front corner panel of the vehicle at nearly 40mph. As a result of this I have &quot;mildly bulging discs&quot; in C4-C7(I think C# may be different?) with neural stenosis and syringomyelia, which is a disorder in which a cyst forms within the spinal cord. I was taking 6-8 Percocet a day then I moved to loratab and I had a problem with constantly needing more than I was given and I would end up in severe pain for several hours out of the day. Then my doctor suggested MS Contin and my opiate consumption went down from what it was and my pain control was improved.
I was a heavy smoker and ate all the  'bad ' foods and then, one year ago this month (April 2011) I had a heart attack. Now, one stent later, and after one year of Plavix, I have had no recurrence. Of course, I also quit smoking (hard to do but I figured my life was worth it), changed my diet (also a hard change to make), and started exercising. I guess I will be on Plavix for the rest of my natural but, thanks to the Plavix, that natural may just be a lot longer than I had hoped for last year. As for side effects. I feel the cold a little more due to the blood thinning properties of Plavix but I don 't think I bruise any easier than I used to, and I am not a  'bleeder ' so all in all it 's good.
I am 20 years old, and this was my first method of birth control. After reading so many horrible reviews, I was very nervous and scared about taking this pill, but now going on my third month of taking Microgestin Fe 1/20 I can only say how much I LOVE IT! I have not had any side effects. So remember everyone is different, therefore our bodies will react differently. Don 't be completely influenced by all the bad reviews, just give it a try! Good luck.
I was infected with HSV 2 about two weeks ago in the genital area, pubic area to be exact.  Only took 2 days before typical symptoms showed but I waited 4 days before going to the ER  thinking the OB was folliculitis.  I was prescribed Valtrex 1gm 2xs a day for ten days. After 2.5 days I noticed that the herpes stopped spreading and the pain was gone. After 5 days it was already healing/drying up. After 10 days it is almost completely healed/few scabs left. This drug is very effective but you have to take it on time every 12 hours or as instructed by your Dr. Side effects were fatigue, dry skin, dry eyes/ slight redness at times, mood swings, hives, and sleeplessness.
I have been taking Lortab 10 's for a few years now due to a rollover accident I was involved in. Had neck surgery, which involved placing a metal plate and screws in my neck. Still had severe neck/shoulder/back pain for almost a year after, with the Lortab and Ms Contin I am able to do things I would have never been able to do since I was in so much pain, but like people say here, follow your doctors instructions.
I got scabies from I don 't know where, since it can take up to 6 weeks b4 u show any signs. I had them on my hands, armpits, back, stomach, thighs and feet in about 1 week and half after the itching started. Went to the ER due to it being a weekend &amp; the itching was driving me crazy, in triage the nurse said it looked like scabies and told me to go back to the waiting room, after about 20 minutes they called me to the back but only to get my script for permethrin &amp; discharge papers. The next day I went and got medicine filled but had to user right before bedtime, the one I had was a big tube that I had to use while in the shower, I had to pat dry so not to remove medicine, it said to leave it on for 12 to 14 hrs. They were gone in 2 days.
I have been taking one 10 mg spansule and one 5 mg tablet in the morning and same dose at lunchtime for over ten years (since I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy). It has been a life saver for me.  Keeps me alert while driving. I was told by several Doctors over the years to STOP taking it because I would need more and more of it as time went on. My dose has always been the same and I sometimes don 't take all of that. My neurologist has recently started me on Nuvigil and since that may work by itself I have decided to taper myself off the Dexedrine to see if the Nuvigil may be all I need. So far no problems. I agree with comment that Dexedrine has an un-deserved bad rep. 
Works great. Took a long time to get it right. I use Nuvigil daily and Ritalin 20mg three times a day. It is sad and depressing but with the right dose and proper nutrition. Things can get better. Bad part is and it 's hard to do....stop driving! I can 't believe I drove! I am thankful I did not kill someone falling asleep.  How could my loved ones let me drive? Don 't drive until you are confident your meds are straight consistently.
You HAVE to drink water with the pill(s) unless you want serious cramping. Seriously, like at least a large glass or 2. Don 't ignore that part of the directions.
My husband died tragically. The grief of losing him was compounded by the events surrounding the suicide. I was overwhelmed with sorrow and despair. Was sobbing throughout the day, felt hopeless. Counselor and doctor felt I was suffering from post traumatic stress disorder.  It 's a miracle for me. Somehow it helps me bypass those debilitating thoughts. My mind doesn 't go there unless I choose to. My feelings were like quicksand, pulling and keeping me down. I have periods of sadness over the loss but they are much less frequent and shorter duration. I thank God for it.
I am on week 2 of this medication.  I have lost 3 lbs. Only side effects are headaches and mild nausea. I am 38 yrs old 4&quot;11 I need to lose 50lbs.
I love Celexa. It gave me my rockstar attitude back! Felt it after first dose, I smiled for the first time in 6 months! So thankful I finally got the nerve to try it after being scared due to side effects and horror stories, and yay no bad side effects at all!
Started in November 2015 when I was 18 and my skin was clear after 4 to 5 months by March of 2016. First few weeks weren 't easy. Even with Pea Sized amounts used every other day, my skin was still itchy and blotchy. But I turned to a Cetaphil moisture as an important weapon in the fight. Epiduo is Strong, and can dry your face out, so use a pea sized amount. If you 're needing a refill every month then you 're using to much. One bottle should last you 3-6 months, not 1 or 2. Also, you 'll break out the first month, just because dirt and clogged stuff is being drained. Most importantly, Don 't bash on Epiduo, you might be impatient and want clear skin asap, but you 'll have to learn to add it to your routine and turn to a moisturizer.
I have been on this medicine since March 20, 2015. As of today July 16th 2015 I have lost 60 pounds. I exercise and eating heathy and have never felt better. Had bits of nausea in the beginning but better now. I recommend this drug. It 's wonderful.
I had this medicine twice. I had it for a colonoscopy and then an esophagogastrodudenoscopy. Both times, it was a great experience. I went to sleep and woke up with no hangover, not drowsy, perfectly fine. I 'd do it again with no hesitation. 
For me, this relieves withdrawal symptoms within an hour. It 's like magic relief from awful withdrawal anxiety, heart thumping, and nervous system twinges that I get in withdrawal. I have been prescribed it when I am honest with the doctor and they know I am pursuing staying sober, going to counseling etc. It is a miracle for withdrawal symptoms for me.
I started smoking when I was 14, and used Chantix to quit when I was 66.  That 's 52 years of 2-3 packs a day.  I never thought that I would be able to do it.  Now, I have not had a cigarette for over 5 years.  I am so thankful to all the scientists and doctors that created and developed this.  They saved my life.
Great. Fell asleep.
I quit in 1997 using Zyban.  The only problem I had was my hands shaking and I went to 1 pill per day vs. 2 and I was fine. I never looked back and was so grateful for this drug.
I was diagnosed with moderate to severe universal colitis on 3/27. I was prescribed lialda and take 4 pills a day as well as 1 uceris. I am not exaggerating when I say the relief was almost instant! Within 3 days I went from urgently using the bathroom 5 - 6 times a day with unbearable abdominal cramps to using the bathroom once a day with no cramps! Only side effects I have noticed so far is slight headaches, occasional trouble sleeping and more frequent urination which I will take over my colitis symptoms any day :) Lialda seriously has changed my life in the short 2 weeks I 've been taking it &mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;19 years old Moderate to severe universal colitisFlare started: May 2016Diagnosed: March 2017Remission: April 2017
I tried taking Junel Fe for a month and it was bad. So I got switched to Aviane, a lower dosage. At first it made me lose my appetite, but on the second month no side effects at all, no weight gain, acne or mood swings.I would recommend this birth control to anybody.
have been on Valtrex for about a year on suppressive therapy.  works like a charm. no outbreaks. noo side effects. i feel so much better about this.
First of all , if you go to a doctor and request this medicine, he/she will see this as drug seeking behavior. It is an opiate . The only difference between Tussionex and Vicodin is the antihistamine in the Tussionex. It is highly addictive. I should know ...I have been to drug treatment two times for my addiction to Tussionex. I didn 't take it as prescribed though - worked my way up to 3oz. Each day - sometimes twice a day. Be very careful.
Works well and helps get me through rough days when I over exert myself. 
It works very well for my joint pain, my feet hurt so bad when I walk on them for 10 mins or longer and my lower back when I sit or stand 10 mins or longer. Voltaren gel eases the pain but does not take it completely away. I 'm much worse without it. I notice someone was taking Motrin while using this gel, I read to not use certain medications when using this gel, double check please, just want people to be safe or ask doctors.
I was just like all of you guys all scared saying what should I do if it doesn 't work? How am I gonna tell my parents?.  The day I needed plan b one step it had worked. That day me and my girlfriend had unprotected sex and I came inside of her. We took the drug within 30 minutes and ate something with it because it will give you nausea if you don 't. The pill worked and it wasn 't the 1st time it ever did. You guys are going to be fine I guarantee you just take it within the 1st 24 hours
I love this stuff! It 's improved my quality of life immensely. I used to wake up in the middle of the night and couldn 't go back to sleep. I now take 5 mg at bedtime, and I still wake up after about 4 hours, but then take another 5 mg (I cut the pill in half) and fall right back asleep for another 3 to 4 hours. I 've been taking it for 2 years now, and still works as good today as the first day I took it!!
I personally truly enjoy the fact that while my anxieties are prominent; the Xanax provides me with the security to take a deep breath and if things become too overwhelming I have the option of taking it when needed.
It 's work wonderfully but it 's extremely expensive if you don 't have great insurance.
I 'm a 57 year old male that has been clean and in recovery for ten years now. I have abstained from anything stronger than aspirin the whole time. Chronic pain had made it necessary to begin a closely monitored treatment schedule, but I was still losing a lot of focus on tasks at work and any motivation for anything but sleeping at home. After talking to the doctor we added 20mg Adderal 3 times a day. The difference has been amazing. I normally work pretty long hours and had been having trouble staying awake in the morning going to work and evenings going home. No more. Properly scheduling the doses keeps me active and focused my entire day. Didn 't take long to find out that it increased energy and desire in other areas also. All others.
After going through a series of tragic events I was clinically depressed.  My doctor put me on Citalopram for the depression.  I also told him that I thought I was also obsessive/compulsive since I just couldn 't turn my brain off from going over negative events.  I felt like I was going insane.  He said that the Citalopram was also good for O/C disorder.  Although I don 't usually like taking medication (don 't even like to take an aspirin when I have a headache) I have found Citalopram to literally be a life saver.  I have not had any side effects whatsoever.  I work 14 hour days in the film industry and this medicine does not make me tired. I take 20 mg at night.
I am 20 w/ no kids. I got skyla b/c I had very painful periods and very bad cramps and I wanted some form of birth control that would atleast stop the bleeding. Insertion was painful for me. My boyfriend went w/ me and heard me scream from the lobby. I spotted for about 2 weeks after insertion. My first period was normal. bleeding got lighter and lighter until I no longer had to use a tampon just a pantyliner. After 6 months i stopped bleeding all together just w/ severe cramping throughout the month. My cramping never got better it is actually worse than before but atleast I don 't deal with bleeding too. I still notice a couple drops of blood in my panties periodically. Cons: weight gain, NO SEX DRIVE. Good experience so far except cramps!
Just started taking this. Lost my husband not long ago, he had cancer and I was his caregiver for a year. Now I suffer with panic and anxiety because of what I saw and was so consumed with thoughts that I would get sick or constantly thinking I 'd get sick. I shyed away from everything and just recently got up strength and go to get help. Dr I have is brilliant and prescribed this for me and I cried because for once in a year I felt me again. This truly is amazing. 
Escitalopram stick with it. I went on 10mg for my anxiety. I 'm 47 years old and I have never taking anything before but it was time to live my life without anxiety. I felt tired, really weird for about 3-4 weeks. I didn 't know if I could live feeling like this on escitalopram. Needless to say after a couple months all the kinks worked themselves out. I wake up feeling like I have never felt before. Relaxed, happy and ready for anything. I cannot believe I lived so long itch the anxiety because now I feel great.  My advise is to keep with escitalopram because it takes awhile but when your body chemistry accepts it. Your life will change.
I just got it two days ago and almost all of my acne has cleared up. I have normal skin which dries out a bit with this, but if I just moisturize a bit, it works wonders.
Have had a very good experience with Apri! It 's the first birth control I 've been on and it 's been about 9 months now. It 's regulated my periods so I can predict it down to the hour, they 're less painful, I feel less nausea, and they 're much shorter and lighter! I haven 't gained any weight - just fluxed a bit up and down a few pounds. Overall - really good!
I have been sick for over 2 weeks. Even taking antibiotics. After only 3 doses of Mucinex  DM. I almosr cured. Thank you thank you thank you! !!
Best medication personally for anxiety and panic attacks. I have been taking 3-6mgs a day since I was 16 and compared to all the other benzodiazepines it has been the safest for long term use. I have tried Ativan, Xanax, and Valium also and did not have good experiences due to many side effects and they only worked for a couple weeks for me. Personally all medications have withdrawal so why not choose the best medication for yourself. SSRI 's are just as hard to come off of as Benzos because of withdrawals, but most doctors don 't tell you that.
This has been very helpful for me.  My sleeping pattern has been messed up for years since having a daughter with a significant disability which included among many other things a sleeping disorder. Ambien has enabled me to fall asleep consistently after a short period of time trying to fall asleep whereas I used to more often than not lay awake for hours before falling asleep.  It is interesting for me that there has been a couple of times where I was not able to go to bed for over an hour after taking it and it didn 't seem to make me feel any more groggy or sleepy, but when I did finally go to bed, I fell right asleep.
I 've been suffering from headache for over 10 years. Headache could last up to a week, it was horrible. Took so many pain medicines and it didn 't work. I ended up with craniotomy last year and metal plates on my skull bone. I was fine for few months-no headache. Few months ago the headaches came back again. Now I 'm miserable again when the headache come...I got this injection Sumavel DosePro....after the injection my head feels like it explodes and I fell asleep right away....after an hour-two the headache is gone...it 's great medicine....it 's working right away.....through the skin and blood vessels. 
My biggest concern was weight gain. I 've just finished my first month of Zarah, and have actually lost a pound or two, but I 'm pretty sure it 's just water weight. The Good Stuff about Zarah: Reduced/No water retention. No increased appetite. My breasts haven 't been swollen/tender. PMDD symptoms are much milder. The Neutral/Bleh Stuff about Zarah: still have some moodiness while the hormones adjust. Definitely having bouts of nausea. But I 'll take nausea over no weight gain/slight weight loss any day.
I 've had panic attacks since 8th grade. I 'm 28 now and notice my anxiety about having a panic attack was getting overwhelming. I started to notice I was avoiding situations. I 'm a full time student and work part time. I need to do many speeches and I would worry about speeches from the time they were assigned. I 've been on citalopram 20mg for 2.5 weeks. I have no panic attacks and I have done two speeches with no issues! Side effects of nausea with yawning and sleepiness but those go away (1.5 weeks)then I noticed the change! Wish I started sooner.
I startd suffering from male pattern baldness at age of 19 . I visited doc who prescribed me finax 1 mg tablet (one tablet per day) and minoxidil for one month.  My hair stopped falling immediatley. I took finax for 3 more months then discontinued it since it has chance of some side effects though the chance of side effect is RARE. I felt some sort of pain in my testicle while having finax for more than 3-4 month although doctor said finax is not the reason and it is safe to continue it.  After stopping finax my testicle pain also vanished. But Finax is good for stoping hair fall and it was fast.  Minoxidil (5%, me using brand named as TINFAL) is best for regrowing hair. It really works if applied twice daily. If any side effect, consult doc.
Update I started Topamax a week ago tomorrow 50mg at night and I have lost 5 lbs I 'm 5 '3&quot; and started at 157lbs I am at the Dr.s now stepped on the scale and I 'm at 152 so I couldn 't be happier...I have very minimal side effects taking them at night helps with those I sleep very well and I have had some tingling fingers but nothing unbearable...all in all I am very happy with the 5 lbs  lost in 6 days looking forward to more weight loss in one more week I do increase my dosage to 100 mg so we shall see about those side effects...but if things keep going the way then I might stay on them for a while
I have been on Meridia 10 mg for approximately a week and a half. The only side effect that I have had is jittery sleep (i.e. I wake up a few times throughout the night and am very alert but can go right back to sleep - its odd! I am usually a VERY heavy sleeper) but this is no deal-breaker...Meridia has already been extremely effective - I have lost 6 pounds in a week and a half. I am about 40 lbs overweight so I still have a long way to go but it is such a relief that this is getting the ball rolling - the weight loss finally feels surmountable. Other reviewers are certainly correct - you do have to put in effort on this medication - it isn 't a magic pill. I have stuck religiously to a 1200 cal diet &amp; cardio for 30 min 5 days/week.
I started L-Arginine in December 2010 due to heart disease.  I had 3 heart attacks at age 33 due to spontaneous artery dissection.  I went almost a year with constant angina attacks that my cardiologist could find no reason for.  We tried so many different medicines and nothing helped.  I was getting worse and could hardly even exercise anymore.  I started the L-Arginine and within a month of taking it the pain pretty much went away.  I could finally run again and my endurance and strength increased drastically.  I still have pain breakthroughs here and there but they are perfectly tolerable compared to the previous pain that would knock me off my feet.  I highly recommend this medicine for anyone dealing with ongoing angina.
Very good medicine indeed.  No side effects for me so far but shedding pounds!
I was very motivated to stop smoking back in 2012.  I got a prescription for it May 12, 2012 and filled it.  However,  I did not take it!  It expired on December of 2013; therefore, I didn 't want to throw away the $176.28 I spent (cash) on it, so I decided to start taking it at the end of December. Well, it expired and I finally started taking it on on the 7th of February.  I figured it was barely expired, so it wouldn 't hurt.  At this point, I was NOT motivated to quit at all.  I just didn 't want to waste the money that was spent on it.  I haven 't smoked for 26 days!  I 'm on the continuing pack now and NOW my insurance covers it.  MD wants me on it for 6 months.  Anyone can quit with Chantix!  It 's nothing like quitting cold turkey.
I am 23 with two little girls, got on the pill to have a nice sex life without the fear of becoming pregnant. It 's been three months and my boyfriend says I have become real moody. I eat all day everyday if I was not on the pill, I would think I was pregnant. I started out 125lbs and so far I 'm still 125 pounds. My skin is glowing and the best news of all I 'm not pregnant again but at times I get really sad and depressed. This is something I never experienced in life so I 'm dealing with it for now.
Condom came off inside of me and he finished inside of me. This happened during my ovulation. Took the pill December 22 and on December 29 one week later I did start to bleed out a light period which I wasn 't due for until January 7ish. I didn 't have another normal period until March 3. I took several pregnancy tell just to confirm and all were negative. This pill did make me fatigued. This was my first time ever using emergency contraception.
I love this it is my miracle on a bottle. I was extremely skeptical when my doctor brought it up. I had never in my 58 years used any weight loss med. There are challenges but I no longer think about food. I can turn down sweets and I no longer drink any soda. I eat way less and my body lets me know what it needs. I have lost 40 lbs in 5 months. I too suffered side effects especially when I went to 4 pills a day. So for a month I took the 4 pills but I broke them up 1 pill at a time. That was the only month I did not lose weight. But when I started back to the correct dosage no more side effects and the weight started coming off. Hang in there. For me it works.
Chantix was the best thing that happens to me, took it 3 months and I feel great smoke free after 35 years.
I have been on gianvi for about 4 years. I was previously talking Lo Estrin but it made me really depressed and I never had a period. As soon as I switched I felt a lot better and I get a mild period the same time every month. It also really cleared my face up I get almost no breakouts and also didn&rsquo;t experience weight gain but everyone is different. I did recently get switched to the Nikki version of the pill and it was TERRIBLE. I got lumps in my breast had horrible migraines and also experienced multiple hot flashes throughout the day. I finally got gianvi back and almost immediately this side affects went away. If you are on a brand of pill that works for you don&rsquo;t let them switch you just make them order it or find a new pharmacy
I got the implanon inserted in June 2013 the procedure was painless, except a huge bruise where the insertion was performed. From that day up to six (6) months I did not get my period at all. However, my mood swings where definitely present! I just felt emotional and sensitive, and I would cry for no reason. And trust me hubby noticed! After six months of not having my period I finally got it for two (2) months straight. From then on it was spotting, and then regular 4 day periods (that was normal for me either 3-4 day periods) then week long periods, then a month late or 2 months late. I have my appt. next week for removal/ and new insertion of the nexplanon. Honestly, everyone is different I am glad I did get it because it worked for me!
I 've been dealing with Hyperhidrosis since the beginning of high school and it really became an issue when I began college. It was always awful feeling embarrassed/insecure 24/7 (especially because it was so out of my control). People started to not want to guard me in basketball anymore, my ex-girlfriend would make me feel like bad saying she wanted a boyfriend who could actually put his arm around her, etc., etc. But finally I stopped wallowing in my own sorrow and talked to a doctor- he prescribed Hypercare and it CHANGED my life. Don 't let your Hyperhidrosis beat you because with Hypercare you can beat it. PS- The complaints about the itching/burning sensations are completely valid, but I 'm willing to cope when the payoff for a normal life again.
I will shortly finish my first pack of Sprintec and must say that this has been the best birth control I 've yet to be on. NO issues with sex drive, tiredness, weight gain other than my breast.  Which have become a bit larger; however, really tender but I don 't mind and/or complaining. My skin did break out at first but is slowly clearing up and I didn 't have much of an appetite 2 to 3 days within, that too is better. Other than the few minor changes I will continue to use Sprintec!
I am taking phentermine 37.5 mg once a day, it has been the only diet pill to actually suppress my appetite without an actual upset stomach. I just feel normal instead of feeling addicted to food. Been watching what I eat and work out at least 30 minutes a day. I have lost 10 pounds in the first 9 days. Cant wait to see where I go from here, only a little scared because I might become addicted!!!
I had read so many bad reviews prior to my appointment, and I just wanted to share the positive experience I 've had since having the Mirena inserted in June  '11.  I am a 29-year old mother of one.  Prior to having a child, I had been on many versions of the pill, with no issues.  A year after my son was born, I tried the mini-pill, along with other lower-dose versions of the pill, but found that I was moody and wanting to crawl out of my skin most of the time.  My doctor had recommended Mirena, as it contains a very small amount of a progestin hormone. Insertion was mildly uncomfortable, but tolerable; Some cramping continued for the next 24 hours, but nothing worse than what I had experienced during periods.  I have noticed an increase in hair loss while in the shower, but nothing abnormal; I 'm not going bald.  I would occasionally notice my breasts were tender, but typically around the time of menstruation. I have had zero issues with weight gain or mood swings, and found no issues with my libido.  It has been five months and I have stopped getting my period, as of this month.  Hurray!  I 've always had very heavy periods, but they became much lighter almost immediately.  The most irritating part was spotting for days before and after my actual period.  Dealing with that just took a little patience, because like I said, I 've now stopped menstruating.   I would absolutely recommend this, and hope that the negative experiences of others don 't scare everyone as much as they had initially scared me.
Works exceptionally well on body and scalp. The only problem is it is outrageously expensive. I had to go with the generic form.
I 'm into week two of Chantix, stopped smoking on day 7 after 2 packs a day for over 20 years. Haven 't had any side effects. THIS IS A PILL FROM HEAVEN. I 've tried every other method. This works.. I would pay $500 a month if I had to. You don 't need those cigarettes, and I plan on buying a new boat with all my new money.
I have been suffering from hyperhydrosis for 15 years. My scalp would literally sweat like a broken faucet. I would constantly have to wipe the perspiration off my head every few seconds. It was so embarrassing! A pharmacist recommended   Drysol and after the first application I was sweat free. I couldn 't believe it! I have a new lease on life. I can finally not have to carry napkins around, and be worried about sweating in front of the public. If you suffer from severe sweating of the scalp please, I repeat please give Drysol a try- you won 't be sorry. I give this product a rating of an eleven out of ten!
Me and my boyfriend had unprotected sex , he admitted that he came right after we had sex. Then and there I cried because I knew I had to be fertile because my period was coming soon . So later that night we managed to buy and afford plan b . Even though I took it ... I still panicked .. He even called the pharmacist to ask if it works. But a day or two later I noticed I was cramping everyday up to 6 days I used the bathroom and I got my PERIOD. It came earlier! I was relieved but in pain ... The cramps I have are horrible , I feel nauseous and sick and my period is as heavy as can be. All I want to do is lay in bed and rest and drink something hot or really cold . But I rather have this pain than to be expecting!. Glad my period came back
I have been on this for 4 months now.  My A1C has come down 1.4 points.  I have lost 42 pounds.  I am on half the metformin, half the blood pressure meds, half the Levemir, and not using any Humalog.  I would really like to talk to somebody about their experience. I pee all the time, every hour.  I have to drink continually or my mouth gets unbelievably dry.  I am also pretty incontinent.  It has given me sort of a food aversion.  For instance, I have been avoiding dairy including cheese because it just doesn 't taste right.  Even the thought of things like cookies, pies, candy is nauseating me.  Craving salty things, low-carb.The weight loss is great, rather unexpectedly fast.  
OK, this is actually my 2nd time taking Phentermine. I took it 3 yrs ago and lost approximately 32lbs in 3 mths but however I thought I did a good job trying to maintain my eating habits. After 3yrs off of phen I slowly gained 20 lbs. I 'm here to say that phen is a TERRIFIC  JUMP start to help you learn healthy eating HABITS. However after using Phen the weight will in deed creep back on you....So here today I have been on phen for almost 3 weeks my starting weight was 170.0.... I am now at 156....so about 15lbs off in 3 weeks!!!!! So this time around I 'm going to appreciate the Phen JUMP START TO weight-loss, and MAINTAIN a healthier lifestyle this time around. Phen does the work at , but it 's up to you to maintain your healthier lifestyle
Hardcore I.V heroin/everything user saved by this drug. After 20 yrs of battling opiate/prison/whole bunch of crap, I leaned heavily on bupe. And broke a cycle that puts most people in a box 4 life. From subutex to subox, to bunivail, I moved up the ladder. I give credit to this drug and packing up moving south away from all connects. The drug aided me and opened up an opportunity to be productive. I was tired and 3 yrs later I sit clean, a beast job, chilling out on the beach. I read all the  crying about this and that. Without this drug I was dead and to hear all this pampered rubbish about it rolling in your mouth, milligrams tricking you, man or woman - use it to be there for your loved ones.
I 've been in chronic pain for over 10 years. Multiple neck, low back and shoulder surgeries. I 'm 64years old weight 250lb, I do pool therapy as regularly as I can. I don 't drink or smoke. I take tizanidine 4mg at night and currently I 'm prescribed A 50 mcg and a 12 mcg patch or a total of 67 micrograms, Milan manufacture patch.  All of a sudden I stopped getting relief.  At 72 hour mark I 'll change the patch and its site and all I can get is 2-4 hours of relief on a 72 hour patch. Then it 's pure hell whats going on?? I mean zero relief. Just muscle spasms for hours on end. I have been on all the rest and fentanyl was the only pain medicine that worked without side effects, without any trouble. I 'm devastated and just would like to know what happened
This medication has been a wonderful aid to help me get my life back! I suffer from panic attacks, as well a depression, and it had gotten to the point that I was fearful of everything. Then 3 years ago my doctor put me on Xanax. Of course it isn 't the medicine alone that has made the difference. I have also treated my depression and started therapy. Everything together has helped me actually enjoy life! Xanax isn 't the right medication for everyone. It is quick acting which makes it great for panic attacks but also has a very short half life, which makes it not always as ideal for generalized anxiety. There is the risk for dependency, but as long as you take it as prescribed and stay honest with your doctor, the risk is very low.
I 've always battled constipation. This time I had gone the longest without a bowel motion. Almost three weeks, my husbands cousin recommended I get the grape flavored magnesium citrate from the dollar General. I was desperate, I looked six months pregnant and couldn 't eat anything I was so bloated and uncomfortable. I got it drank the whole ten ounces and a bottle of water which made me feel very sick at first. After about thirty minutes I started feeling gassy but just in case it was more I ran to to toilet! Very glad I did. I recommend this for anyone who doesn 't have time to sit at home waiting on laxative to work. It 's very quick and effective. I also suggest drinking lots of water.
I 've been on Belviq for 3 weeks and initially experienced dizziness for 4 days. That 's gone away and I feel great. I have more energy and sleep better. My insurance won 't cover Belviq until I tried 2 other weight loss meds, so I 'm grateful for the help with the $75 card from Belviq. I 've been able to control my eating and resist temptations. And I 'm down 14lbs! LOVE BELVIQ!
I started taking Yaz as my birth control in high school (I 'm 25 now) to prevent getting pregnant and as treatment for my moderate acne. It is my holy grail. I used to get consistent breakouts on my forehead and chin, and since using Yaz my acne has completely cleared up. My skin is literally beautiful to the point that my friends will comment how good my skin is.Last year, I decided to give the non-hormonal IUD ParaGard a try because I didn 't want the hassle of taking a pill every day. During that time (about 5 months) that I wasn 't taking Yaz, my skin broke out terribly. I thought it would calm down after a couple of months once my body had adjusted but it never did. I also started having much more dramatic mood swings during that time.
I have now been on Topamax for about 6 years now and in all that time I can honestly say I have only had bad head ache and no migraine at all and the only reason started the medication is I had meningitis in 1993 and one of the long term side effects of this is migraines for life so Topamax has been a lifesaver for me.
I was having real bad back pains one day, and I noticed my mom had a bottle of this perscribed to her. So I went and had one and it took my pain away. 
I got the skyla placed in October. Since then,my skin has improved and I have began to lose weight. I was unable to lose weight on depo and I 'm just happy that skyla has been able to put me back on track. However, in Feb. I had a 13 day period. I would recommend skyla to anyone and it is definitely worth it.
After some scary bouts of angina the Dr. put me on Ranexa.  I am really impressed what i can work hard at age  74 minus the chest pains.  I was pleasantly surprised when my A1c dropped significantly. I have had some problems that I am not sure if they are side effects.  Serious swelling of my feet and ankles, increase in neuropathic pain in my feet and toes and wrists.  Weight gain that I can 't explain and bloating of abdomen. I will contact the cardiologist to see if the dosage can be less than 500 mg twice a day.
I took the take action pill last year and I didn 't research it or anything. I was really scared it wasn 't going to be effective. My husband got it for me. I 'm happy to say this pill didn 't really have any scary or painful side effects the only thing I felt was maybe little cramps breast pain and that was it. I got my period 3 days after when I was supposed to get it, even though this pill is only effective during 72 hours (3 days) I took it the 4th day and everything felt normal. I took the take action pill last year July 4, 2014. I have recently took it again 2 weeks ago and I 've so far just had headaches and breast pain.
I love this medicine. I have Bipolar 2 and post traumatic stress disorder. I have been on this medicine for 9 months. It puts me to sleep about 15 mins after taking it. I have lost 35 pounds (I had gained 50 pounds on Lamictal and Abilify) I am off the Lamictal. I have been able to stay out of the hospital. I feel better overall. I am trying taking 1 course in college and may even try to work again.
I have had ParaGard for 5 years and it has been perfect for me.  I have never had children and insertion HURT. I hadn 't prepared or taken any pain killers. I needed pain killers for a week and my next three or four periods were more painful. To be fair, I had previously been on the pill which regulated my periods and made them nearly painless. I love not worrying about birth control and the pain of insertion was for sure worth it. It doesn 't bother my husband at all. I would recommend this as a long- term bc. I had to go on hormonal bc very young to be allowed to take an unrelated medication. I wanted to do something natural that I didn 't have to remember daily. I would just recommend pain killers before you get it put in!
I 've had asthma since I was a baby. all colds since I was a baby have ended up turning into bronchitis or pneumonia. I am 29 now and asthma only flares up once orTwice a year from a bad cold.  The ONLY thing that has ever helped my cough was codeine cough syrup... It 's a miracle drug. (Aside from inhalers but that never stops the cough) However after 2 weeks of horrible bronchitis with coughing fits so bad I am dry heaving, I went back to the doc and told him I needed something that didn 't make me drowsy so I could actually function during the day without coughing. He gave tessalon perles. I just took one dose 100mg an hour ago and my coughing has virtually stopped even laying down. THANK GOODNESS FOR A NON-NARCOTIC MED THAT WORKS!
I started Saxenda on April 1st. My starting weight was 249 and I am 205 today. I have no side effects at the 3 mg. dose because my body is used to the drug by now. You have to eat clean and small portions.No cheating!
Had the iud placed this morning, not going to lie it hurt felt like a lot of pressure. According to the dr and nurse it 's normal considering I 've never had any kids before this. I also heard this is good for three years here goes ....
Provigil has saved my life, as the saying goes. I am taking 300 mg and 100 mg six hours later.Despite my use of a CPAP and caffeine I still suffer from chronic fatigue and the Provigil has helped me to maintain some semblance of a normal existence. There are no apparent side effects and the result is to make me feel and act normal versus the side effects of other stimulants such as caffeine.
I have had severe grade 4 cystic acne for well over 10 years now. I only really get cystic acne on my chin and jaw line (the rest of my skin is immaculate) and I don 't have these nodules constantly, just every month or so. My nodules were so bad and large that I would need 3 to 4 injections to bring the swelling down. My initial road with Aczone was rough and truthfully did not work very well until I started to use it with other products. I still continued to break out and was losing hope, however Aczone in combination with these 2 other products has worked miracles for me.  I use Equate BP cleanser and Alpha Hydrox intensive serum 14%  (the best product ever) over the Aczone 2 times a day and my results have been amazing.
Very satisfied with this drug. PSA dropped from 40 to 15 in 3 months. No side effects noticed.
Fantastic medicine. I never vomited once or even felt sick whilst on Emend. Well done.
This medication is unbelievable. After 3 days, the anxiety I have been suffering with for over 15 years disappeared. I don 't feel cloudy headed or unable to function. It 's as if one day I woke up and my life is stress free. I did not suffer any side effects but I am also not on any other medication. I do not drink or smoke. I was opposed to medication at first, but now I am a believer.
I gave birth 2 months ago and decided I wanted a birth control that lasted 3 -5 years so I wouldn 't have a another child any time soon. I was so worried about the pain. But surprisingly I didn 't feel a thing . The doctor told me it was easy on me because I just had my son . I haven 't had any pain so fair just light bleeding.
Went from headache at least 3 times a week to none.
It helps my anxiety 100%!  Now I can be social and feel a lot better.
Have been on this medication for about 1 and a half years. Severe neuropathy in both ankles and feet, degenerative disc disease in 2004\, several broken bones over the years from horseback riding. This medicine has given me my life back after suffering with chronic pain for years. Take 120mg of Oxycontin twice a day and 30 mg of oxycodone four times a day for breakthrough pain. Am able to work 12 hour night shifts and get on with my life due to this drug. Without it I would not be able to do anything other than be in misery. 
For 20 years I have treated my hypogonadism with daily, very small injections of testosterone cypionate administered subcutaneously. Blood levels have been excellent and consistent. Dosage is easily fine-tuned if blood levels are too high or to low.
I was started on it after the first acute sudden asthma attack of my life and the inhalers  weren 't working... which landed me in the emergency room and had some continuing lung spasms in the weeks following this. Once on it,  for the first time in many years I was no longer waking up wheezing and with shortness of breath at night. It 's been wonderful!  Fortunately, I have never had any of the side effects noted by others. I remember feeling early on that singulair  may have contributed to weight gain, but it was  very hard to tell as I was at that age - late 40s -  when this begins to happen naturally. If so, I certainly would have preferred to not to gain weight, but the benefits of having a &quot;normal&quot; life with singulair have been fantastic
2nd time on Celexa. First was in 2011. I weaned myself of. Started 20mg daily this year due to extreme anxiety and panic attacks. No I 'll side effects. It 's a blessing to me.
Was on xeralto for three months and enjoyed the freedom from warfarin...BUT went back to warfarin because head aches, constant sore upset stomach, weird dreams and hallucinations at night...Three weeks off xeralto and back on warfarin am feeling normal again...Just me and if xeralto works for you stay with it...
After suffering a back injury and having two surgeries, I have had chronic back pain for the last 10 years. I have used many narcotics to try to relieve the pain including hydrocodone, percocet, vicodin, demerol, morphine, darvocet and oxycontin.  None of these worked for my pain and I thought I would just have to live with it.  Then I tried methadone.  I could not believe the way I feel since changing to it.  I have almost no pain anymore and can function relatively normal again with no side effects at all.  I have been on the same dose for the last 6 years and don 't foresee it changing any time soon.  Methadone is the best pain reliever there is as far as I am concerned.
I have been taking this prescription for about five months now. Before that, I was taking OxyContin 30 mg twice a day and oxycodone 10 mg as needed. I asked my doctor to switch me over to these oxycodone only, with a slight raise in the dose, because of the price. OxyContin are terribly expensive! 
I tried at least 7 or 8 &quot;traditional&quot; antidepressants. They never worked at all. Quite the opposite; I had to take benzo because I became tremendously violent and aggressive. My doctor finally decided that he had no option but to prescribe Parnate, for which you need a special license in my country. What a difference! Finally no depression, no aggression nothing. Just feeling good. I didn&acute;t feel drugged up, just felt like me myself. Wonderful feeling! Yes I do miss cheese sandwiches and I have to take sleeping pills, but it&acute;s so worth it.
I 'm 19 years old, &amp; I 've taken Loestrin 24 Fe for 4 years now - I absolutely love it! From age 12 I had 9-10 day irregular, extremely heavy cycles. My cramps were so bad that I couldn 't get out of bed &amp; would start vomiting, &amp; my acne was out of control. Once I turned 15 my mother suggested birth control. The first month was rough; I started the pack the day after my period ended &amp; a week later had another full period. The next month was a drastic change - my period was 4 days, NO cramps &amp; my skin has looked amazing ever since! Went from taking muscle relaxers for pain to an occasional Advil every few MONTHS! My insurance is great - 3 months for $22! That 's less than $7.50/month! Sadly no increase in breast size, but no weight gain, either!
I have noticed such a difference on this medication. I feel more calm about life in general. Social situations used to be extremely difficult for me and now I can be in a room full of people and not feel overwhelmed or anxious. Anyone who struggles with anxiety needs to give this a try. Social anxiety / GAD is a terrible thing to deal with but I feel betteR and now I wish I had this  medication sooner.
I love it! No major side effects. No more worrying about condoms or taking a birth control pill.I didn 't gain weight. I workout 5-6 times weekly and eat healthy. Plus Implanon doesn 't make you gain weight. It makes you have a bigger appetite. So if you can control the urge to eat when you want. You wont gain weight.
This med helped me to go back to a stressful job after burnout.I am so grateful to have had this to deal with stress++++.I was able to function well.but not get panicked or be exhausted by the stressfulWork in a hospital..5mg per day was so helpful.
I have had depression and anxiety panic disorder, suicidal thoughts and post traumatic stress disorder for about 25 years. I 've tried pretty much every medicine you can think of for these conditions. When I started on Saphris I started feeling better after the fourth day. I actually felt a little manic because I was cleaning my house like a normal person. I thought this could be it. Finally. It has been a miracle for me, I have nothing negative to say about this medicine it 's wonderful. 
All medications have risk for side effects some people get them and some don 't. As well as some medications work for others and some don 't. We are given medication that is recommended base in research. If first line therapy does not work then they go to what is recommended next.
Klonopin made me irritable &amp; short with people especially as they began wearing off. Xanax are ok but made my food taste better so I gained some. So Ativan several days now and its just perfect. Little sleepy but I 'll work through that.
I have been taking Prevpac for a week now, and the horrible abdominal pain is long gone. :)  However, I am experiencing rather unpleasant back pain as a side effect. I have been stretching like crazy trying to mitigate it, but it doesn 't seem to be working. I am using ice packs and a portable tens unit to deal with it. While not fun, it is a whole lot better than the agony of an h. pylori infection.
I have been on Trileptal for about 5 years know and I feel a lot better then I did before I was on like 3 or 4 other medications before hand and I kept telling my doctor they werent working so finally I switched to a different Dr who actually listened and he put me on the Trileptal I don 't have any episode or any thing since being on this medication I take 600 MG 2 daily and let me tell you I feel so great and wonderful I would recommend this medicine to anone to take
I had tried Viagra and Cialis before Levitra. With Viagra 50mg I got a good erection, but I also got heartburn and a stuffy nose and headache. With Cialis 5mg I got almost no results, but with Levitra 10mg, a good erection that lasted, with very little heartburn or stuffy nose/headache afterward, and another good erection the next morning.
This is an absolutely wonderful medication.  Xanax, along with 40mg of Prozac, has given me my life back.  No more insane panic attacks and no more not being able to sleep.  Take no more than what the doctor says to take in one day.
This medicine has greatly improved my quality of life with my spasms in my back!
This is seriously a miracle medicine! Ever since I went on this, it kicked in within a couple of weeks and after 3 weeks or so, my anxiety has been completely GONE, no more problems at all! I was having problems swallowing food and just swallowing my own saliva in general because of generalized anxiety disorder, every single day, it was hell, but this medicine seriously pulled me out of a dark hole and I 've been on it since. Thank you Celexa! I 'm so much happier on it.
The one time I got Dilaudid I was in the ER for extreme dehydration and excruciating stomach cramps.  They put it into the IV and within a few seconds, the pain melted away completely. It kept the pain away while they re-infused me with fluid.  Amazing medicine, no side effects and complete pain relief.
Male - 33years old. Excruciating pain in lower SI region of my back following an aggressive 30 mile bick ride and a few days of surfing. Woke up the next morning with shooting pain in low back which progressed to shooting pains running down my glutes and referred pain to the hip flexor region. For two weeks this was extremely painful and did not subside even w/ ice applications and finally chiropractic visits 5 total and lots of Advil. Per the suggestion of my wife I tried aleve (2 pills for first dose and 1 pill each dose after that. After 2 pills I noticed a HUGE difference and significantly reduced pain as well as better range of motion as inflammation had gone down. I highly recommend for anyone with back pain as it really helped me!
Although this has kept me sane for the last 5 yrs I cant understand why I have to pay twice because they don 't make a 150 mg tablet &pound;8.40 for the 100 mg and a further &pound;8.40 for the 50 mg one illness twice the price.As if we don 't have enough to worry about
After years of trying to treat depression I have finally found the perfect combination 600mg of Trileptal and 200mg of Wellbutrin, twice a day.  My Doctor told me when you 're on the right thing you will feel like you aren 't on anything.  That 's the perfect way to describe how I feel.  I have NORMAL mood swings, instead of wanting to rip someone 's head off at the drop of a dime, or being completely numb.  I am diagnosed as Bipolar II. This medicine has changed my life and I hope if Trileptal isn 't the answer for your treatment you will keep trying until you find the right thing.  It is possible, and there is light on the other side.
I was diagnosed with chronic A-Fib about three years ago after a dramatic life-threatening episode with an antibiotic that interacted with warfarin &amp; put me in ICU for four days and then three morel for a total bill of $86,000.  My cardiologist told me he could do nothing further for me as my case was too risky for ablation since I have emphysema.  After a couple of months feeling as if I were on the EDGE, my Primary recommended a Cardiologist at a major university and he put me in the hospital for 4 days and on Tikosyn 500 mg. That as two years ago and I have done well as far as my heart rhythm.  He did tell me he was worried about my brain...does Tikosyn affect the brain long term, as in concentration &amp; Dementia. I am 74 &amp; new age spots.
I have had MDD for a while along with anxiety.  I have tried so many medications, and am medication resistant.  Prior to taking Fetzima, I was on Topamax which helped me quite a bit when I was not in a good place. However, it was not helping anymore, so my doc thought maybe going to an SNRI may help. I had mostly been on SSRI 's before.  The Fetzima really helped me with motivation and getting engaged in my day.  I am taking 80 mg right now.  I had tried the 120mg, but went back down since I couldn 't tell a difference between the two.  I have been on Fetzima now for about 4-5 months.  I really don 't have any side effects.  The first week or two, I had a little nausea, but no SE now :).  Best Wishes!
For to take the remedy as needed at 20mg unit of measure hath my health restored in say seven hours hence dosing.  As though young again.. Regardless, my wife would rather I not engage her while under its influence, for it portends passions not of her making.  It 's the drug that drives you not desire, she wails.  Alas, on fire but forsaken doth not make love ignite us, though lust remains.. I shall hide it from her.. in secrecy our bliss..
I was using Copaxone for years and switched to Glatopa a few months ago. I have not had any negative effects with Glatopa. I have great insurance so cost didn 't drive my decision to switch. I just would like to see Teva go out of business for over charging AND stifling healthy competition that leads to innovative breakthroughs. I haven 't notice any less effectiveness with Glatopa and I would because when I have a flair up, it 's usually in the form of optic neuritis. Now that that  Teva strangle hold on Copaxone generics in the United States is no longer, I 'm hoping that other big pharma vendors get into manufacturing high quality Copaxone generics and even develop more highly effective MS treatments.
I was on Accutane in high school, it worked for a few years, I took birth control for 8 years so that may have helped a lot with the acne too. After having my daughter I went off birth control permanently. My acne returned pretty quickly. I had moderate/severe acne on my cheeks and jawline. I saw some improvement with Epiduo after about 3 weeks but its been 10 weeks and I have only a couple active zits. My skin looks good, just the old scars left and I think it 's even helped minimize those. I don 't really like prescription medicines in general, I prefer natural, but, this surprisingly works.
I seemed to experience the regular side effects of LEXAPRO, insomnia, low sex drive, sleepiness during the day. I am taking it at night because my doctor said if it made me tired to take it at night. I assumed it would and started out taking it at night. Strange dreams, some pleasant. I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia. Seems to be helping with the pain. Have had anxiety and depression in my family, and have tried quite a few other medications that haven 't worked. Only have been on it for two weeks but feel more positive in my mind, want to accomplish more in my life. Hopefully the side effects will dwindle away, worth it to stick with it from hearing others responses. Great medication.
Overall I was very satisfied with Ortho Tri-Cyclen Lo. I only got breakthrough bleeding for the whole of second week of the first pack, and then that was it. It did not lighten my periods (if anything they were heavier for a couple of days), but it did decrease cramps and nausea. I did have slight nausea (especially during the first week of each new pack), but it more more of an occasional annoyance, nothing disruptive. I only had one night in which I experienced extreme nausea, but just power through this and hopefully it goes away!The only reason I stopped taking this pill is because I get aura migraines, and my doctor thought it best for me to try something different. Otherwise, I really was happy with this pill.
I 've been on the therapy 4 month now and it does knock you about, but after 2 month, the viral load was undetectable in my blood, hurrah! ! My side effects are manageable, but the reduction of red blood cell count is a bit worrying. I 'm doing a blood test every 2wks and at this moment, my Dr has reduced the Ribavirin intake from 5 to 4 tablets per day. All in all I must say, I 'm glad this treatment is available and you have a very good chance of being healed. It is very important to keep busy, rest when tired and get up and go again.
I been having extremely severe trouble getting to sleep &amp; staying asleep (depression) psych put me on lamotrigine &amp; trazodone, it did extremely well. I slept for 10-14 hrs. I stop it because I was thinking about conceiving. I had to go back on trazodone cause my sleep was very irregular. I 'm back on trazodone for 2 months now, sleep getting better slowly but surely. 
Suboxone works wonders...i got off a 1 year habit of about HalfGram to 1Gram a day of GOOD STUFF (the best black tar around Downtown LA I think)  with only 3 8MG pills ...take 3 MG a day for about a week and you should be fine... Thank God for being clean ...NA and AA meetings really help..God Bless
This is the ONLY medication that helped with my inflammation, plus guarding my stomach issues.  I so wish my insurance would cover it now. But a couple of years ago said it would no longer cover it, and there were no co-pay cards at that time.
This medicine is a blessing  I am 43 years old I eat healthy and exercise everyday except weekends. On March 15 2017 I was given the depot shot for my heavy bleeding BIG MISTAKE. From the shot I experience more bleeding and blood clots then I ever experience prior to me taking the shot. My bleeding continued for over 90 days I was admitted to the hospital for low blood and had to have a 4 pints of blood transfusion.  On  July 4 my doctor prescribed Lysteda I did experience some cramping and back pain but after 5 days of taking this medicine 3 times a day my bleeding stop completely now husband and I are much happier people!!
I was told that Lamictal might help me &quot;find strength&quot;.  Well, it did - a strength that was inside me all the time but was drowned out by fear. I have been on this pill for 10 months now and the horrible fear scenarios that have plagued me since an early age have all stopped. I am far more in charge of my life now. I only wish I could have had it before. First effects of pill were immediate, but it took some months to take full root.
I have used this product for years and when I have flare ups it works wonderfully for me
I had my Mirena IUD put in 7 weeks ago, and I am loving it. I am 20, never had any children and don 't want any for a while. I had it put in by my gyno; they used a local anethesia on my cervix (which was by far the worst part of having it inserted due to my serious fear of needles). The pain of having it inserted was somewhere between extreme discomfort and mildly painful, so overall not near as bad as I had expected. I passed out after the insertion, probably due to my anxiety over the needle, and was in a lot of pain for the rest of the day and threw up twice. The next morning, i felt completely normal. As far as side effects go I have had spotting before and after my period, and a lighter flow than normal. I definitely recommend Mirena!
Most of the time this works wonders. 
I had sex with my boyfriend on the 12th day of my cycle, but I had already ovulated. We used a condom and he pulled out to finish. After he finished we noticed leakage at the bottom of the condom and on the outside of my vagina. I took Plan B about 30-45 minutes later. After reading a ton about plan b, I was nervous that it wouldn 't work since I already had ovulated. The waiting was brutal and it kept me awake a few nights, but with the help of some herbs and some vitamin C my period did come about 4 days late. It works! Relax. You 're gonna be fine ladies!
Weight gain
I had surgery in 1995 and the other half in 2004.  I have been taking Premarin since then.  I am now going through a divorce.  Because of depression, I stopped taking my medicines.  NEVER AGAIN.  The  past two months have been hell without my Premarin.  Not sleeping because of night sweats, hot flashes all day and just feeling like I have no energy.  I have started back for 6 days now and can already feel the difference.  I will never stop taking Premarin again.
I had a colonoscopy today and used Prepopik for bowel preparation.  For my last colonoscopy several years ago, I had used Magnesium Citrate and found the Prepopik SO much easier to take, and my doctor said I had a nice, clean colon afterward.  The way I took it, I didn 't taste it, and it went down very easily.  This is what I did:  Before drinking the Prepopik, I had a small amount of ginger ale.  I prepared the Prepopik with very cold water, and after stirring it as directed, I added a few ice cubes.  Using a straw and HOLDING MY NOSE, I sucked that baby right down in several big gulps, and following a recommendation I saw on the internet, I immediately sucked on a lemon!  Sounds weird, but it worked!!  I seriously didn 't taste the stuff!
Used pain medicines for 14 years (fentanyl 40 mcg and lortab 10mg). Excellent results after using Suboxone.
I 've been taking 20mg of Focalin XR for the past 2 years and have experienced great improvement in mental function and all around health. Focalin has allowed me to focus and be aware of a situation. I have been more efficient at work, more aware of my health and wellbeing, and able to process situations more appropriately. My biggest complaint has been with sleep patterns. Some nights I can sleep 6 hours or I can sleep for 14 and I CAN NOT fall asleep right away. My FitBit has mixed reports, but they are questionable. This is something I have tried to &quot;tweak&quot; with my doctor, but we have not had any success. My second complaint is nausea, but that we have been able to tweak with food consumption and timing.
DON 'T LET THESE STORIES SCARE YOU!!! I am 20 years old and never been pregnant. I read these all of these reviews about how terrible the insertion process is, and I 'll tell you my fear of this procedure was far worse than the actual procedure. It literally look about a minute, and it felt like my normal period cramps but just a bit intensified. It was SO QUICK and so easy. Pain was minimal. I 'm on day two and I have slight cramping and light spotting. No big deal. I 'm happy I made this choice.
Was on methadone for 4 years, worked well.
Was totally lost, unable to work, even come out of my room. Still not perfect but a huge improvement. Able to even travel a little.
I (78 y.o. male) was diagnosed with NSCLC in March 2011 and in late May I started taking Iressa as a first line of treatment. For the first five months my only side effect was a mild rash. I then had swollen gums and stomach acid. Both quickly responded to antibiotics. 75 days between the March and May CT scans the tumor increased by 86% (from 4.9 x 4 cms). 50 days later in July, after taking Iressa, the CT scan revealed an 83% reduction. From March to July it reduced by 69% and in December, although subtle, there has been further reduction.  April 2012.  True to form, tumour started growing again after 10 months of Iressa treatment.   Still looking healthy, active in garden and taking 4 to 6 miles weekly walks.   Only side effect was mild rash mainly on body.  Now switching to conventional Chemotherapy today 10th May.
I have only been taken it for about a week now. I have never been on any medication for mental health or weight loss. I was considering the lap band. At this time I am glad I did not. My hunger is gone. I can resist that donut. My portions are much less.  A benefit that has come from this medication is I don 't worry or stress.  I am more confident.
This is one of 2  antihistamines that works for me. This is the one that does not make me sleepy.
I am on my third day of saxenda, the first day felt tired and very nauseous. Second and third day have no appetite whatsoever. I had a box of pizza in front of me and couldn 't even finish one slice when before I would be eating no less than 4 slices. I have been eating in really small portions and can 't possibly eat more then a few bites. All my cravings are gone. And find myself eating really slow trying to get food down.  I started at 0.6 and third day went up to 1.2 until I get to 6.0.
I have been on Topamax for about 4 years. I have a brain tumor and migraines with seizures. I was on Divalproax and had gained weight (178lbs). I am 5 '3&quot;. When my doctor put me on Topamax, my hands and feet tingled, everything tasted like metal, for about a month or so I also felt like I was on &quot;speed&quot;. After the first month or so and some dosage alterations, I am very happy. No seizures, headaches gone, I am now a size 3, yeah, and will be very upset if someone takes my Topamax away.
Diclegis is a life saver!  Starting at week 6, I had terrible nausea and vomiting.  It was so debilitating, I could barely keep anything down or function normally.  About two weeks ago, my doctor prescribed me diclegis 4x day and its been a game changer.  The only thing I 've noticed is that I start to feel really sick again if I miss a dose or if I take the medication late, but other than that, I 'm feeling great!
Like the most recent comments. Had tried everything with no results. Jumped through the insurance hoops and have been using for almost 4 months. Toenail almost grown back out. Best it has ever looked. Just found out my insurance will no longer cover it next year. Hope my supply lasts until it is gone.
I was given this prescription originally for acne, but haven 't seen much effect there yet... However, it has done wonders for my body hair! I had a super-thick (and spreading) happy trail on my stomach, as well as more sparse chest hair. I 've only been on Spiro for about 3 weeks, but the results are incredible! The hair is almost invisible, so I 'm thrilled to see what it looks like after all the pre-medication razor burn and ingrown hair cuts are healed.I 'll still be buying a Tria laser to make sure I get rid of as much hair as possible, but the hair is already visibly thinner, and it takes much longer to grow back as well. I wore a v-neck for the first time with confidence yesterday!Also- I 've had NO side effects from this drug!
Been on generic efavirenz/emtricitabine/tenovir for two years.  Viral load dropped to undetectable within a month and my energy improved within days! The only side effects are really, really cool dreams. They are in full colour.  I don 't think of them as a side affect, but as a bonus.  Seriously, it 's better than TV.  Don 't worry at all, this medication is highly effective and safe, and there are lots of other options out there too.  Nothing to fear at all.  
I was sent to a psychologist for depression and anxiety when I was just 16. She put me on Paxil. It really saved my life. I was unable to sleep and soanxious I could enjoy nothing. After 20 years if feeling normal, although I did gain weight, I decided to wean myself because of the weight issue. Big mistake. I crashed due to stress and been in a state of extreme panic and anxiety for over a week. I can 't eat and I lost 10 pounds in a week because I want to be sick all the time. Tried switching to Prozac which made it worse! I 'm back to Paxil and I know it will help me again soon as it kicks in. In the mean time I am on Ativan. I wished I never stopped it. Works great for extreme anxiety and depression.
Acne totally gone... its amazing
I take Lortab as needed for back pain. I can see why people would get hooked on it. It not only takes away the pain, it gives me a boost of energy as well but when it wears off the pain seems stronger, making you want to take more than prescribed. My advice is to be careful to follow the as prescribed directions.
I have been taking lorcet for about eight yrs now and although the pain goes away this medicine is highly addictive because if you are depressed or feeling down this medicine will make you feel great but after long term use after it starts to wear off. I get very agitated and my attitude changes but I still take it along with depression meds. Best advice I can give is take it in moderation.
I have been on Contrave for 5 weeks. Started at 346, on my way to 200. I have lost 42 lbs and not had a craving for any food or alcohol the entire time. No side effects.
I was on Lexapro for about two years for anxiety and panic attacks I decided to just stop taking it because I felt I no longer needed it! Biggest mistake of my life. I have had the worst and most horrifying panic attacks you could possibly imagine, needless to say I just started to take it again about three days ago while I know it will take time to completely work. I am for the first time today out of my bed enjoying the beautiful weather outside which for the past week was impossible! I will never stop taking this medicine again I want my life back and with Lexapro I know I will get it.
This medication used the correct way can and will save lives!! I was using 20 to 30 Vicodin tabs a day my friend offered me heroin I said no and started suboxone it saved my life no question
I 'm 53 and have migraines since I 'm 15. My doctor made me try a lot of medication over the years, including the Triptans and I had to go a couple of times to the hospital (urgency). Nothing worked until my doctor gave me Fiorinal. I 'm using Fiorinal for 20 years now and it works fine. I have less migraines today.
This drug is just about the best thing that ever happened to me.  Without it my panic attacks would have crippled me totally by now.  I feel panic coming on, take a pill, and I am so very calm within minutes. No side effects and the best part is you don 't have to take it regularly. Taken like an aspirin for a headache and works great. 
I 've been on opiates for many years because of lumbar scoliosis with multiple failed back surgeries.  As of the last 5 or 6 months, my constipation worsened to the point where NO laxatives were effective.  My bowels had almost stopped working.  So far, after 3 weeks on Movantik, I have a regular BM almost every day.  I do have to use a little Milk of Mag and a stool softener and eat oatmeal to help it along but, I am SO much better!  I am grateful for this drug but it is VERY expensive.  I had to make a choice on whether to stay unclogged or take a camping trip to Big Sur. I chose to be unclogged.  Sad, I know but health comes first. Hopefully, I will get an authorization soon. I am not impressed with Obama Care .
I 'm on the minipill and have never had any issues.   My insurance switched me to this one and right away, I 've experienced nearly all the side effects!  I am trying to switch to a different minipill now to stop all the side effects and feel normal again!  What I 've experienced: breakthrough heavy bleeding the second week of pills, no period during last week of pills, nausea, headaches, weight gain, acne, cramping, and just an overall feeling of not feeling well.
My psychiatrist prescribes me 15 Xanax 0.5mg per month. I have generalized anxiety disorder and depression, and am on other meds for that; Xanax is only for extra-stressful situations. It is incredibly effective. Within minutes of taking it, I am much calmer. I notice no side effects whatsoever.
Started in 2005 with a low dose 50 mg once daily in evening time with no regard to food. It has done a miracle in my case I am virtually 100 % seizure free. No noticeable side effects in my case except dreams in 1st week, as I remember when I started 11 years ago. In 2011 I stopped taking it as I thought I don 't need it any more but I had a fit again very soon, so I started again immediately. In 2012, I tried to be over smart and reduced its dose to 25 mg 1 OD, but soon afterwards I had another episode though it was less intense and I controlled myself. Since then I never thought again to discontinue or reduced its dose, I take it each day every day religiously honestly without a break like my breakfast every morning.
I have had high blood pressure since I was a child. I have tryed many different meds for this problem. I had bad reactions to many of the poplar blood pressure meds and I am highly allergic to red rice so colesterol meds were no an option. I fired my doctor and went with a new doctor that prescribed bystolic it changed my whole life I am forever in his debt. I went from having multi side effect to almost none in 2 weeks I felt like a new person.
Vyvanse is great.  It has a longer dosing window than Adderall XR (12 vs 8 hours for me) and a slightly improved side-effect profile.  As a longtime (~16 years) prescription stimulant user, for ADHD, I would recommend Vyvanse to any user that is currently unsatisfied with their ADHD management.  It is no silver bullet, but there are no silver bullets for ADHD.  It is incremental innovation in a great way. Vyvanse is the first real stimulant to reduce side effects without cutting efficacy.
when I was first put on this medication in the emergency room, I was coming off heroin and my mood swings was horrific, and my anxiety was off the charts, they put me on 200 mg. immediately and was to take it 3 times a day. I was diagnosed as bipolar, ptsd severe anxiety disorder, hearing voices to kill myself, sleep disorder, among a few others. I have loved this medicine since day one almost 4 years ago. I have ended up 150 lbs. over weight, and diabetic. however one may see this, I call this my miracle pill. I wish I had been put on it as a teenager. I have told my psych don 't ever try to take this away from me, I get paranoid at thinking about it. I may be fat and diabetic, but I have a good life and great family.
Tastes horrible but effective.  I had no nausea or chills.  I drank it at 4:45 PM and really nothing for 1 1/2 hours...then a regular bowel motion.  About a half hour later Katy bar the door.  Then the squirts till about 10:00.  I got up a couple of times in the night but no big deal.  At 4:15 in the morning I suffered through the second dose.  Immediate results and squirts for about 1 1/2 hours and a few sporadic times after that.  It is 7 and I think I am done.  Almost time to head out.   My procedure is at 9:40.  I hope this it for the next 5 years.  I think the worst part is not eating.  I am ready for some Mexican food.  A huge pile of enchiladas.  Rice.  Beans.  Hot sauce.  Hot flour tortillas.  Smeared with butter.
I have been on Topamax for around two months. I decided to go on them because I weighed around 105 kgs, I was feeling depressed and I couldn 't stop binge eating. Through Topamax, I have lost 10 kgs in one month (that would be around 22 pounds). I feel so much better. My urge to binge eat is gone. I feel human again. I don 't feel any side effects. I sleep better than before, I drink more water than before (as much as I should drink, before I didn 't drink at all and had problems with my kidneys). When I first started topiramate, I got double vision. I read that this was a common side effect and saw my eye doctor about it. She said that it was because my vision improved a great deal. So, thank you Topamax, My health greatly improved.
I take been taking Latuda for year i have gone to 40mg up 80mg I can take 40mgs but it doesn 't help and 80mgs makes me feel high and i hate that feeling and the voices don 't stop or seeing shadows where people are wearing black gowns i still need more help i can 't work because i feel like everybody talking about me all the time but worst thing is seeing things thats not really there
I have worked the coal mines all my life. About 5 years ago, I was in a major mine accident. After 7 orthopedic surgeries, I realized I was going to have to live with this horrible pain. It was so bad that the thought of suicide lingered in my mind so often it became my only thought. That was until I went and saw my family doctor. He started me on Vicodin, then Percocet and a list of others. I didn 't have much luck with all those other medicines. Finally, he put me on Oxycontin. What a difference it made in my mental health and my physical well being. Now I take the 80 mg three times a day and I can finally live again. I still get horrible breakthrough pain at times but even with that, my life is so much better.
The Vivelle Dot 0.05 mg has greatly helped with the symptoms of menopause with minimal side effects. However, every insurance company I have been with these past 6 years has tried to put me on a generic version which have terrible side effects for me. Reading about other woman 's experiences with the generic versions, I am not the only one suffering from the side effects of generic brands. Why do insurance companies keep forcing us to use mediocre replacements? Why can 't the brand name be available to us at lower cost? I have to go through an aggravating process to try and get approved for the brand name and in the end still end up paying full price because it goes against my deductible.
I just had my second Mirena inserted after 5 years. Before starting with it, I was always battling low iron (once my ferritin level was 4). After using the Mirena, my period became super-light, and now my ferritin level is over 80. The second time around, the insert was a lot more painful. The doc said that it tends to be more painful as you get older (I 'm 46). I really have not had any side effects that I 've noticed with the Mirena. Not sure if I 'll need it again, since I 'll be 51 in five years.
I usually cannot handle break-ups and become severely depressed, often crying myself to sleep. I was prescribed this medication for anxiety, which just so happened to be a few days before I was broken up with. Because of this medication, I was able to continue with my life almost unaffected. In fact, I had a more positive outlook, knowing I was worth more than my depression had previously led me to believe. This medication has saved me from an immense amount of emotional suffering.
I 've had acne problems since the 4th grade and have since tried tretinoin, benzaclin and dalacin T which did not help me very much. I gave up prescriptions for the last 5 years using OTC benzoyl peroxide when I suddenly had the WORST breakout of my life (I think from stress) with cystic acne. Family doctor gave me Differin XP gel. I 've been using it for 1 month and my acne has dramatically cleared up. I did not purge at all (maybe got 3-5 small pimples) and I peeled once while swimming outside. I was also prescribed 333mg erythromycin tab by a dermatologist but did not take it yet as it seems differin has already cleared me up. I did skip a few days and used 4 dot sized amounts instead of the recommended &quot;pea-size.&quot;
At the time I began taking Seroquel 4 years ago, my depressions were so severe that I attempted suicide and almost dropped out of college. Although my bipolar symptoms improved quickly, I dealt with extreme side effects (mostly a constant foggy and emotion-less feeling) until I reduced the dose from 600 to 300mg.Although my cholesterol has risen and life-threatening side effects of Seroquel have been discovered, I continue to take the medicine as I am completely unable to sleep without it and I can 't imagine going back to the way I was 4 years ago.
I started taking this drug on May 29,2016 weighing in at 301. I 've experienced the dry mouth but not to bad just makes me drink more water like I should be lol. Today 6/12/2016 I 'm weighing in at 290, I  haven 't really changed nothing in my diet besides not eating big portions and not eating  as often like I use to. So this has been a big help for me so far.
First of, let me say I am a Pharmacy Technician. I was on Yaz for about 5 months. It was okay. It wasn 't strong enough to stop my periods until about 4 days into a new pack, it didn 't do much for my skin, and it was $40/ month because there is no generic. I only kept taking it because it didn 't make me nauseous (I am very sensitive to nausea).After $40/month was a little too much, I went to my doctor and wanted to be put on Ocella because it would only be $10/month and it has the same hormones as Yaz which didn 't make me sick, but it was 0.01mg stronger, which made me a little nervous. But I tried it, didn 't make me sick AT ALL, cleared my skin up, periods start and stop on time, no cramps, cheaper generic, and I lost 17 lbs! LOVE IT!
In 2007 I started having what I now know panic attacks, but didn 't know it at the time my doctor sent my blood in for testing, trying to figure out why I 'm having to pull over when driving cuz I think I 'm going to pass out due to hyperventilation. First I thought I was having low blood sugar but a few weeks later at my follow up appt. My doctor said &quot; you 're having major panic attacks I believe.&quot;.. I tried every anxiety medication there is trying to feel better.Then my Dr. Gave me 1mg alpazolam every 6 hours as needed. I still take xanex and 20mg of lexapro to this day.  Just having a xanex bar in my pocket helps prevent attacks, today I get 45 2mg bars  and I make sure I try to take no xanex a few times a week so I don 't become dependent
I had the worst migraine of my life for three days. I felt like I 'd tried everything possible. Nothing touched the pain. It was blinding. My husband brought me the Goodies powder. It was awful tasting, but within a half hour my migraine was gone. It 's a miracle. I 'm grateful.
I started  this four weeks ago and I have lost 14lbs. I have tried different weight loss programs and nothing would work. Then my doctor said that is one he recommends and I am so glad.
I was given Dilaudid while being treated in the hospital for gastritis/esophogeal pain.  The pain was very severe and my blood pressure rose to over 200/100.  Within 30 seconds of the Dilaudid being inserted into my I.V., the pain in my sternum was gone and I was relaxed and sleepy. (After the first &quot;Whoooosh&quot; head rush).  Although I could have it every 2 hours, after the first 2 doses, the pain relief lasted 4-6 hours.  Most effective, and I reacted to it better than I had done in previous hospitalizations when receiving morphine.  
I get gout flares very seldom, my last one was very painful, took naproxen for the first time it worked immediately. I love it.
I had crippling anxiety. I couldn 't even make it to the grocrey store some days.... I have been on Paxil and Lexapro prior to taking Effexor. Effexor has changed my life and made me feel like my self again. Ihave been taking it for about 7months now and I have had no side effects except that I have had a few vivid dreams. These are happy dreams but I can remember EVERY detail when I normally do not remember dreaming at all.
I 'm 71 years old. The tearing and associated pain started a few  months ago. Just hoped it would go away but it did not. I would not let my husband touch me.Spoke with 2 doctors I know and they said its normal but Estrace would help.It did. My prescription is dated 3/7/2013. Within 10 days the tearing stopped and all was healed. Use 1 gram 3 X a week. Nothing bad has happened. My libido near immediately was through the roof. I am amazed and nobody needs to try and take this medicine away from me! I 'm loving it and my husband is happy too. Yes, my age up there is right.
I 'll get straight too the point. If you 're struggling with performance anxiety, and feel helpless (like I did), stop waiting and go see your doctor immediately and get a script for propranolol; it changed my life. Ever since I enrolled in University my fear of public speaking became heightened (because of the pressure to succeeded) to the point where I had a panic attack during a presentation. It was the worst moment in my life, and I knew I needed serious help. I got a script for propranolol, and took 20mg 1 hour and 1/2, and another 20mg before my presentation. I went up (I was so nervous I didn 't sleep at all the night before) and absolutely killed it. I felt so comfortable in front of the stage. It changed my life.
For those of you who are having bad side effects, PLEASE try Viibryd for at least 3 weeks.  After two weeks, I begged my doctor to change my script to something else, but he told me to wait one more week.  I could not believe the difference that week made!  Viibryd is the best medicine I have ever taken! I felt like the REAL ME. Too bad my insurance wont cover it and my doctor ran out of samples.
I was taking 300mg every day the generic for years along with zanex for anxiety. My dr upped the dosage to 450mg every day. I just got the name brand and it 's completely different!!!! My life has new meaning the generic is not half as good. I no longer need the zanex and have no problems going out or living my life now. This medication ( name brand Welbutrin) should be available to anyone that needs it. The generic is horrible loaded with side effects shaking, headache, nausea, and extream bouts of anxiety that do not occur with the name brand!!! I am shocked the generic for this medication is permitted to mascrade as the equivalent is not even close!!!
I 've had acne since the 5th grade. Started using it in 7th grade. Took awhile to kick in, but a mix of retin-a and other products has greatly helped. 3 years later and I rarely get any new breakouts
Apri is the first birth control I have tried and so far I 'm very impressed! I have only been taking Apri for 3 weeks but I 've had almost no side effects. I had some light spotting for the first 2 weeks but it has completely stopped now. My breasts have gotten slightly larger and my sex drive has increased. I randomly threw up once but I think that was because of what I ate not the pill. I 've had no increase or decrease in my appetite or weight, hair seems almost thicker and I had no acne break out. So far I LOVE THIS PILL!
I started using these about 10 years ago for pain in my foot from a torn tendon. Now I am using for severe low back pain. This really works. It sticks fine as long as you smooth it on. You can tape it on as well. Also these patches can be cut to use in various places and to save money. I highly recommend
I have been on Orsythia for 6 months for controlling dysmenorrhea, or painful periods. Before starting birth control overall two years ago, I missed at least two days of school and work a month because my cramps, backache, nausea, and headaches prevented me from doing more than sitting in bed crying. After Orsythia, I barely get a period, it lasts four days and I rarely need to use anything more than a pantiliner. I get the occasional cramp, but nothing unmanageable. I love this pill!
Great. A &quot;must use&quot; if you have tried every acne medication and they do not work.
I use to take Imitrex but it came to the point I wasn 't taking it because when I did I had to double dose &amp; add in pain killers to knock the migraines to a tolerable level. This pill is way better then Imitrex &amp; it truly works. Other then it taking a little bit longer to kick in than Imitrex, it works better. I usually am able to tell when I 'm getting a migraine and take naratriptan at that time &amp; it will kick it before the migraine does fully.
Tried Levitra for the first time last night. Great sex last night and twice again this morning. Wow! Changed from Viagra and have tried Cialis. Both others worked, but not near as effective as Levitra for me. I am diabetic and over 60. Mild headache afterwords.
I have been taking Pristiq for just over a month now and I have to say it is amazing. I was experiencing severe depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts. After only 5 days of being on it I felt completely back to my old self again. I cannot believe how fast it works. I am able to function normally at work, concentrate and have extremely high amounts of energy. I take mine in the evening and I find that I am staying up longer than normal. It is hard for me to fall asleep. I think I might switch to the mornings instead. Otherwise no major side effects...a few headaches in the first 2 weeks but they are gone now. Have a few hot flashes and night sweats from time to time. This medicine has helped me and I truly hope it helps you too. I feel GREAT.
This medication was originally prescribed to me as a way to control my pain without the &quot;High&quot; side effect that decreases mental alertness. Eleven years later I am still taking 70 milligrams daily. I have lab work done four times a year and my body is in excellent condition besides the injuries I 've sustained that are not methadone related. I 'm told by my doctor that I would be in severe pain without the medicine due to pericarditis, dozens of healed fractures, a lacerated spleen, and multiple back injuries. I however have not felt any intolerable pain while taking methadone. I completed my MBA (Master 's) in physics after 9 years of daily methadone use with no signs of memory loss or other negative mental side effects. Wonderful medication.
I started Saxenda around the 3rd week of July and am at 1.8 ml.  I am a 5 '4 female, 42 years old, with thyroid problems amongst other issues.  I was at 215 pounds  and  am down 9 lbs with no exercise.  Yay!  I purposely didn 't exercise while I was adjusting. Once I see if I can handle 3.0 ml I will add in exercise.  The side effects are gone and I hope it stays that way.  I find I get on my scale and every few days I am about .5 pounds down.  This is requiring a lot of patience!
I have been on Belviq for 60 days now and lost 17lbs! I started at 257lbs (5 '7) now I am at 240lbs! I am refilling my script today! So I am hoping for another 40lbs will come off!
Have been taking Adderall XR for over a year now. I am having some issues with tolerance now, but it 's still working reasonably well. Had side effects for the first few months, but now I have none. Good stuff!
I just hit my 6 month mark so I wanted to update my review.  While I experienced several side effects at first, some severe, they all went away eventually.  I am losing 2lbs a week up to 10lbs a month.  I 'm noticing there 's a pattern for me of losing ~10lbs very quickly, then stagnation for a few days, then loss starts again.  I 'm improving my diet, but it is by no means perfect, and I 'm able to have more energy to get off my butt and exercise or do tasks I would otherwise procrastinate to high heaven.  As someone who has failed (a lot) in the past, this is a miracle drug for me because for the first time ever, I am able to know my hunger and eat without counting calories, carbs, fat, whatever and confidently lose weight.  Yay!
Helps with my sleep. I wake up every morning feeling great. Sometimes make me very thirsty so I keep liquids around.
I contracted HSV-2 about 3 years ago. That first year was horrible. I had about one outbreak a month and each outbreak brought about not only physical, but emotional turmoil. After a year of feeling depressed, worthless and guilty, I finally had enough and took myself to get tested. Sure enough, I was right. I asked the doctor for a suppressive Valtrex prescription. I take valacyclovir and it has completely given me my life and sanity back. I 've been on the medicines for two years now and I have had one tiny outbreak that came about during a HUGELY stressful time and I had not taken the Valtrex for few days. The OB lasted 2, maybe 3 days, and never blistered or crusted. I can 't say enough good things about Valtrex/Valacyclovir.
I was diagnosed with lupus and rheumatoid arthritis four years ago. The doctor told me to take hydroxychoroquine and told me to stick to that medicine or my lupus would return. Ever since then I have been doing great. I do have a few side affects but none of that matters to me because I got my childhood back.    - Angel Aguillon 14yrs old     04/08/15
I was having difficulty coping after the death of my husband. Xanax helped me to put everything into perspective which allowed me to face enormous challenges.  I rarely ever felt slow from the low dosage, only calm.
I bought this product seven years ago when I would sweat profusely .  I cannot wear T-shirts do to sweat stains .  I only use this product seven years ago once for a whole week and I have not sweat since . One of the best things I 've ever tried. Highly recommend.
Started on Afrezza 11/15 with an A1C of 7.6! First was one 4 unite 3X 's a Day Before Meals! Then Moved 8 Unit 2X 's &amp; 12 Unit 1X a Day ALL Before Meals! On 3/16/17 My A1C # drop to 7.2! I then Started the New Titration Pack that allows Inhaling Afrezza Before &amp; After each Meal or Up to 6X 's a Day! After Just the First 11Days My A1C # DROP to 6.9! Today, Now 21 Days I Have Been on the New 180 Units Monthly Titration Pack Taking Before &amp; After each Meal My A1C is NOW 6.8 &amp; Dropping with NO SIDE EFFECTS! I Love Life Changing Afrezza Titration Pack! 
I have been using guaifenesin as a treatment for the reversal of fibromyalgia symptoms for 4 years. As an RN, I was very skeptical since there aren 't any positive studies done for this purpose. I had suffered with fibromyalgia symptoms for 12 years, was nearly bed bound, and was researching electric scooters. After relocating to Hawaii, I met an RN who leads a fibromyalgia support group focusing on utilization of guaifenesin. Having nothing to lose by trying this treatment, and trusting a fellow RN, I began the protocol. 4 years later I 'm walking a mile daily, cleaning my own home, engaging in multiple craft activities (ceramics, sewing, painting, and gardening), swimming, and enjoying life again. This has given my life back.
I started 02/20/17 with a sample from the Dr office. My insurance covered it, but I still have to pay $100 for a month 's supply and $30 for the needles. I take the shots at night to reduce the side effects. Only time I feel queasy is the morning after I up my dose. I just upped it to 2.4, next week I 'll be on the full dose of 3. I am a lot more tired more often. I sleep great at night. I have been able to skip breakfast and supper and not go to bed hungry. I can 't eat as much in one sitting either, I get full a lot quicker. So far I 've lost 6lbs, but I think this will work great since I 'm not hungry very often. My problem is sweets and I don 't crave them anymore. (they still taste good if I eat them!) Will update again.
Started out with Zoloft only and that helped - however I was still experiencing racing thoughts and bad sleep. Doctor prescribed Hydroxyzine 25 mg (three times a day as needed). I take 50 mg before bed and absolutely feel wonderful the next day. I wake up early, feel great and can get through the day. Been taking this combo for about 7 months now.
I 've been on Copaxone since January 2012. I was diagnosed Dec. 2011. Copaxone has give me energy to do my daily duties. I still have a day or 2 in bed from time to time. The key to Copaxone working is to keep those D3 vitamin levels up. I go to pain management for combination of degeneration &amp; Multiple Sclerosis pain. Family is a comfort &amp; very needed for the emotional comfort of the disease. You have to balance medicine, family, God, love &amp; friends. All of the above is a prescription to help manage MS more comfortably. Hope this will help others. Copaxone has been a real winner for me.
Within hours Myrbetriq resulted in normal frequency and stream of urine. I expected it would take weeks to works based on product insert. I was on Vesicare but this really works for me!
I have been using this for two months now and it is very helpful, a lot better than the albuterol solution I had for my nebulizer. This is wonderful. I can actually catch my breath with this and can walk a lot further using it.
I got this IUD on June 23 this year so I&rsquo;ve had it for about 5 months. Insertion was very easy, however, about an hour or so after insertion I had cramps similar to labor pains than period cramps. They came and went for 5 days or so. Advil helped a lot to relieve them. I still occasionally had intense cramps for the first couple of months especially during my period. I also spotted for about 2 1/2 months. All of the negative symptoms resolved by the 3 month mark. Everyone is different but, give it some time to settle in and don&rsquo;t fear the insertion so much especially if you&rsquo;ve had a child, it&rsquo;s a price of cake. If you haven&rsquo;t had a child it might be a little uncomfortable as the doctor has to use a clamp to open the cervix a bit.
I went through several BP meds.  Some made me sleep all day and others just did not work.  I have two young boys, and I knew I needed something that really worked.  After a year or so of the wrong medicines, my doctor put me on Azor. Like everyone here my improvement was so sudden and so good.  I was immediately back on the top of my game in work and home life.  Like I said, I have two boys - under 6!  I cannot afford to make an early exit from this world. Azor is helping massively.  Now I need to do my part and lose 50 pounds!  Good luck to all. Ask your doctor about this one.
I have used Trazodone for about a year my dose is around 225mg.  It seems to be one of the few sleep medication that has worked for me.  Most other medications I have been on for sleep have had side effects which often out weighed the benefits.  The only &quot;side effect&quot; of Trazodone I get is sleepiness.  Although I don 't see sleepiness as a problem when I am taking it for insomnia.  It also is typically no longer making me sleepy after approximately 8 hours.
I tried everything. Diet, exercise, teas, fiber supplements, miralax, amitiza (rx). This is the only one that has worked immediately and effectively.  I am out of commission for two hrs after taking which has to be on an empty stomach so I 'm only taking on weekends now.  No headaches, nausea, or other I 'll effects like when I took amitiza or miralax.  Hope this keeps working long term
Started taking Victoza on 3rd June, had no side effects, lost 2 stone in weight. Blood sugar down from 20 plus to in the 5 and less, also take metformin SR. 4 tablets a day, also blood pressure down to normal. It 's the best thing since sliced bread. Feeling 100% better, the only thing that will send blood sugars up is if I eat apples.
I have been on this only since December 2007, but it has made a difference in my life.  No more swollen ankles, I sleep better at night, and I have more energy.  Works great, with no side effects.
Immediate - gave relief from throat pain due to tonsillitis.
I have used Zyrtec for a couple years to reduce my allergy symptoms and avoid asthma flares. I have a dog that causes symptoms if I play too much, or if I touch my eyes. We got a cat about 1 year ago! Zyrtec met the challenge, the cat sometimes sleeps on my pillow. I am still careful about touching my eyes, but Zyrtec has done a great job.  Now that Z is OTC, my doctor switched me to Clarinex, but after a few days I am experiencing symptoms again, swollen lips, eyes, etc.I 'm going back to Z!
I have been taking Temazepam 30mg nightly for about 7 years. The results have been very good for sleep but I also have a side benefit, the Temazepam also mask my pain from severe neuropathy. I decided to stop taking the drug and did for over 3 weeks with no withdraw issues but the neuropathy came back with a vengeance so I 've started using it again.
I have severe fibromyalgia, severe Crohn 's Disease and other conditions associated with these. I 've taken pain medicines and Lyrica with little help. I was put on 600 mg of Gabapentin and the results were fantastic. Helped my Crohn 's and arthritis also. Very happy.
I started trazodone 7 years ago. 50 mg at first then reduced to 25mg. It allows me to fall asleep fast and stay asleep. Can not tell if it affects mood. No known side effects.
I LOVE this product! At 1st sign of a belemish or whitehead that is really painful (you know what I 'n talking about).  Here 's what I did, I put ice on the pimple, to help with pain and swelling and I a put a a thin to moderate layer of PanOxyl Aqua Gel.  Most of the time the pimple went away on its on, or it even &quot;popped&quot; on it 's own.  I totally love this stuff.  Anything from PanOxyl family.
I have been taking Xyzal for nearly 1 year now and it truly has been my life saver.  I suffer from extreme seasonal allergies and indoor allergies with all the symptoms; itchy red eyes, itchy ears and feet, sneezing 5  times an hour, congested sinuses, headaches, congestion, hives, and frequent bloody noses.  I tried over-the-counter and prescription drugs for nearly 10 years with no success.  Xyzal has honestly relieved all my symptoms.  I take my dose before bed because it does make me sleepy.  I have no problems making it through my work day.  I do have a little bit of a dry throat side effect, but that is nothing compared to the misery I was in before.
32yr old female with copd and asthma. After trying several inhalers Xopenex is the best by far for me. Have experienced no side effects and it significantly opens my airways.
I 've been on Yasmin for about 4 months now. I love it, my face has cleared and I get little to no cramps. I used to have 8 day long periods and now they are 4-5 days and are much lighter. My hair doesn 't seem thinner and I haven 't gained weight. I recommend it.
I am currently 18 years old, and I was diagnosed with severe anxiety and depression when I was 13 years old, and I was diagnosed with ADHD when I was 14. I currently use Vyvanse for my ADHD, and it has improved my life so much. I went from always zoning out and failing classes, to becoming a straight A student again, and I have been able to connect with my family so much more. I also use Prozac for my anxiety, and there does not seem to be any issues with my anxiety flaring up, however there is a noticeable difference when I only use Prozac and not Vyvanse. I also have lost some appetite for eating but I still eat enough to satisfy my body. Sleeping isn 't a huge issue, as I usually take it around 6:00am each morning.
I 've used the NuvaRing for 2 years before my husband &amp; I decided to have a child. I have been on it now for a month. I absolutely love this form of birth control! Pros: no need to remember to take it everyday. Easy to use. Just insert it &amp; go. Have never gotten pregnant on it. I haven 't had any issues with it coming out at all. Periods are less painful.  Cons: low...very low sex drive, which is starting to become a slight issue. Headaches. I 've been more tired lately than usual. There are more pros than cons, so I 'm planning on sticking with it. So far this is my favorite method &amp; I will not use any other kind!!! (Besides condoms)
I have blockages that develop over time high up in my intestine, very bad and bothersome. This product has done more for me then all the rest together. I will miss it. I hope the claims against it are found to be exaggerated and can hardly wait to use it again.
Helps cut down on mood swings and hot flashes. Higher dose pills may make symptoms worse.
At the end, I was drinking a fifth of vodka daily, sometimes more.  Was pretty excited about the Sinclair Method using Naltrexone, but it didn 't work for me as it did for others.  Two trips to the psych ed with debilitating depression fuelled by alcohol, one inpatient stint and one rehab later, my psychiatrist prescribed Campral.  I 'm two weeks in and the worst &quot;craving&quot; was thinking about drinking prior to the holiday weekend.  I used my other supports and didn 't drink.I also take gabapentin 600mg three times daily and Zoloft 200mg nightly to help with anxiety and depression.  (This rating would be a 10, but I 've had diarrhea for a few days after upping my dose to 666mg 3x/day.)
I chose Copaxone because of the liver problems that people have from the oral medication.  I have been on Copaxone for 2 months now.  I have had site reactions like swelling, redness and itching.  I have started using the heat before and a cold pack after my injection which has helped.  Recently, I have had some problems with numbness in my right side from under my arm down to my toes and a burning sensation from my calf down to my toes. It is probably a flare up. I will stay on the injections until my neuro tells me to stop.  Shared Solutions is great and they are very helpful.
I am 15 and I have had migranes ever since I can remember, but when I was around 13 it got to the point where I couldn 't do anything in any of my classes because I got around 15 a day. So I stated taking amitriplynine and now I only get around 1 or 2 a week, it is a process on what the right dosage is, but it has helped me so much.
I have taken many muscle relaxers over the years. After reading some of these reviews I thought I would share my experience. I suffer from fibromyalgia, degenerative disc disease, sciatica, myofacial pain with trigger points...I think you get my drift. This has been the only muscle relaxer I have not become immune to and that works for me well. I generally have major side effects from medication, but I do not feel anything has been noteworthy with this muscle relaxer.My suggestion would be talk to your doctor, give it a try. ANY medication can have adverse effects or not work for you. Each person is different. If people are taking other medication in conjunction to this then it may effect them differently.
Best birth control ever. My doctor prescribed this to me because of heavy bleeding but I was more interested in the birth control portion of it. I 've been on it for 3 months now, the first month and a half, I did break out a little. No more than a pimple or two here or there (I had easy skin to begin with), and only had headaches and nausea the first week or so. No problems with weight gain AT ALL. I 'm a fitness freak, so beginning this drug actually worried me. I stand corrected, if anything my six pack is far more visible than it was prior to taking syronx. Did its job as birth control pretty well, but I still try to use duo protection. Overall pleased, thanks tricare.
If taken at the start of a migraine this medicine works wonders . There are side effects such as dry mouth, tiredness, and joint aches. But as anyone who has migraines know that is a small price to pay for relief from the migraine itself.
I have been taking a combination of 2mg Xanax 3 times a day, 2mg extended release Xanax once daily, and 3mg klonopin twice daily. I have found that this combination of medications and Xanax itself has helped me get my mind back on the things that matter in my life. Get over my fears and make an enormous amount of friends in my life. Although the only problem is that my doctor now tells me after 18 months of taking this dose that he thinks the Depakote (1000mg) a day is helping me and that he is going to start taking me off the benzodiazapines. I tried to see if I would be able to get off of them and live normally, I found myself worse than before the medication with severe withdrawal symptoms. 
This pill is great! Easy to take and has a nice minty flavor. The only side effect I 've had is light spotting here and there, but it 's a very very minor inconvenience compared to all the positive things. I 've experienced no weight gain or acne, or anything like that. My periods are light, which is great. Still have cramps sometimes, but they 're not as bad as they used to be. Sometimes I miss my period, but it 's completely normal while on this pill. Had a chat with my doctor about it. And best of all, I 'm not pregnant! I would recommend this to anyone, whether you are using at as birth control or to help improve your periods. Details about me: 20 years old, no children, non smoker. I also have PCOS, and it 's definitely helped my symptoms.
Klonopin works WAY better for me, and with little to no side effects, unlike Requip or Mirapex.
My doctor placed me on this medicine to reduce my sugar levels. In just 10 days my blood sugars are down on average 45-50 points --I have not seen numbers like this in 15+ years. Additionally I am down 5 lbs and still on a low dose.
My partner and I had an accident and the condom came off, I was 10 days into my cycle and had a high chance of pregnancy. I took plan b about 16 hours after the incident. For the first two days I had some painful cramping and fatigue, but nothing too severe. I got my period 1-2 days early and couldn 't be more pleased with how this works.When I first took the medication I obsessively googled people 's experiences taking it so I wanted to add one more positive story into the mix. If you take it in good time, it works, try not to stress too much!
I have been very pleased with the effectiveness of Benicar 20mg. I started out taking Benicar 20/12.5mg and the 12.5 HCTZ caused dizziness and light-headedness after several days of use. So I requested the plain Benicar 20mgwithout the HCTZ diuretic and I have felt much better, no problems at all. My blood pressure has stayed at 120/78, and often it is even lower. I take it once daily and go about my normal routine.
I 've had a stomach disorder for two months. After several trips to the doc someone finally gave me this. I have had no side effects other then breathing heavy a little. But it rid me of what ever bacteria I had causing severe intestinal pain and massively messed up bowels. This helped in the first day. I was exposed to stagnant water. But it does say not work for some people. I would say if you had negative effects stop taking it. But it does work in the right situation.  I can 't believe I can eat food again.
Seretine saved my life .. I 'm now on 150mg  And feeling fine
Had propofol for colonoscopy. I have had many colonoscopies as I have Crohn 's and was always in significant pain on sedatives. This time I was out like a light and woke up feeling very peaceful. No longer will I dread colonoscopies.
Have been on several antidepressants and this one seemed to be the first to work well. Only side effect was nausea but only lasted a week or two.
My mother was given dronabinol almost 3 weeks ago before starting chemo. She was so weak from not eating much in 3 months. I ask the doctor to start her on it a few days before she started chemo to see if it helped her to eat. I was afraid she wouldn 't make it through chemo because she was already so weak. Monday will be her third week. So far she has not been sick, not one day and she has also gained 5 lbs. Thanks to God and my mothers miracle pill I really believe she will be able to beat this thing. I just wish it wasn 't so hard to get insurance companies to pay for this.
My son is 15 and was diagnosed with ADHD and Bipolar Disorder when he was 4.  We have tried many medications but the one to gave the most focus and changed his quality of life has been Adderall XR.  We immediately notice his lack of focus and hyperactivity level changes if he is late taking his medicines.
Treated with Coumadin for 3 years.  Stopped Coumadin 2 days ago. Started Xarelto last night 20 mg once a day.  Maybe it is the excitement of being off Coumadin, but today is the first day I feel normal.  No headache, No light headedness, No Fuzzy head, was not tired in the middle of the day.  Coumadin really made me feel different.  I thought it was just getting old.  Also my eyes feel clear now.  First thing I did last night was drink two glasses of cranberry juice. It was great. For lunch spinach in my sandwich.  Wonderful. Looking forward to not seeing my doctor to draw blood every month.  Might even get back into some low impact sports in the afternoon before dinner.  
Well low and behold I took the MC around 11pm it is now 2:30am and I 'm on the pot just pooping away :) my stomach still is a bit uncomfortable but I feel better :) I drank about 3/4 of a 10oz bottle! Highly suggest this for anyone who is constipated
I have been using Victoza now for two years. I lost two stone and my blood sugars are stable now. Wonder medicine!
I am compelled to share my experience with you. I suffered from a severe back injury years ago.I was prescribed 80mg per day of Methadone, 90mg per day of Oxycodone, for the first 6 months I thought this is my only way to get through each day, but then my need grew, I was burning through my meds and buying pills off the street. I was using everything from diladid to methadone, to oxycodone, lortabs,, percocets, morphine, fentanyl, you name it, I was using it, I became so addicted to opiates that I was on the verge of losing everything. I 'm a single dad and I was ruining my family 's life. I found a suboxone doctor and he prescribed 8mg per day and it not only treated my pain but saved my life. I am off of the opiates and I have my life back.
I tried and tried the AA way and it just didn 't work. I was told over and over to attempt treatment and I did, four times.  Treatment is extremely overrated.  I finally took it upon myself to investigate other options and discovered acamprosate and naltrexone.  I am now 5 months without drinking and am so, so happy.  I have regular counselling and discovered that AA cannot address the underlying reasons why a person drinks...in my case, PTSD.  AA made me feel like a huge failure.  I am aggravated that over a one year period no one even thought to offer me the option to take these meds.  I am on a mission now to share my successful experience with these drugs with others.
Since 11 years old I have had mild acne that would flare up pretty bad at times - mainly around my mouth, chin and forehead with break outs on chest and back. Now aged 26 I have been on accutane for nearly two months now.(30mg for 1st month and then 60mg for the 2nd) After the first month my acne had pretty much cleared and now after the 2nd my skin is looking great. The side effects have been minimal, I have had dry lips and I haven 't been able to go to the gym as much. Apart from that I have been good all round! I take the medication with an oily fish lunch and glass of milk everyday - which I think helps reduce the side effects. I would highly recommend, this is the first time I have had clear skin in around 15 years!!
I have been taking this medication for about 8 months.  My skip beats have been significantly reduced.  I have not had any fainting spells, and my quality of life has also improved tenfold.  My cardio just cut my dose in half because of my kidneys I think.  I just hope they don 't take me off of it, it has made such a big difference in my life.
I 've been taking 15 mg for almost 3 weeks now for social anxiety and depression. The sleepy side effects wore off after maybe 3 days and now there are no side effects. I don 't get the weight gain although I would agree with the late night hunger, and it helps me sleep. No sexual side effects which is great. As far as helping with my anxiety and depression I would say so far it 's helped me enough. My expectations were too high. It has made me more awake and alive now and not worry as much as I used to when involved in social conversation with others. 
I had tried Lidoderm and had fair to good results.  I was reluctant to try the Flector because of the cost.  My insurance did not cover them.   In an impulsive act due to frustration with pain, I got the script filled.  Within 2 hours I noticed that the severe pain in my knee was almost gone, and I slept very well through the night.  These are a miracle and work as well as or better than any systemic medicine including narcotics.  They really do work.  
I was prescribed Tramadol 50mg, along with Gabapentin 300mg  and Baclofen 10 mg in October, 2016 due to acute back pain from my L5-S1 impinging on my spinal cord. I had a laminectomy on December 22, 2017. Due to the bad side effects of Gabapentin, I decided to stop taking it in March, 2017. I also stopped taking the Baclofen at the same time.  I have continued to take the Tramadol 4x day. I have had no side effects from the Tramadol as far as I can tell. I am taking the original amount I was prescribed 10 months ago and it is working quite well relieving my chronic pain. I have interstitial cystitis, vulvodynia, osteoarthritis as well as lumbar pain from my L4-L5 herniated disks. I appreciate the pain relief I get. I am 69 years old.
I have been using sertraline for about 3 months now. I was worried about the side effects of the medication, but I am really pleased with the results. I started on 25 mg and then increased the dose to 50mg after 1 month. This drug has been phenomenal for me. I am a 25 year old female who suffers from Post Traumatic Stress Disorder, depression and anxiety. I was worried about weight gain, but I have actually lost weight while on this medicine. My mood is much more stable and predictable, I don 't cry or feel down like I used too. Consulting with a doctor and trying an anti-depressant is truly one of the best decisions I 've made.
Before taking Lexapro I would be very uncomfortable around  people and I would become depressed because I continued to deal with mild obsessive compulsive disorder.  My job is also very stressful as I am a manager at an entertainment business and would obsess over my job so I would not miss any details.  I had no time for life outside of work because I would obsess over my job and &quot;worse case scenario&quot;.  I am a 26 year old and when I was younger, around 17,  doctors would treat me with all types of depressive medications.  With negative outcomes, I decided young that I would not take any more medications and &quot;toughen&quot; it out.   NOW with events leading up to me taking Lexapro, I am a new person and I don 't worry about little things any more.  The OCD is GONE!
This is the best prenatal pill I have ever taken.  It is great for promoting hair growth for you and your baby.  I didn 't have any heartburn while taking this particular one.   Can be taken on empty stomach day or night.  I have taken this throughout two pregnancies and overall healthy babies...
I had a minor procedure done to remove a piece of food that stuck in my throat. I also am on the fentanyl patch for the last 10 yrs for my constant pain. After about 2-3 minutes the first shot didn 't have any effect on me. I was not sleepy at all. To make a long story short because of my pain management medicines they had to give me 4 shots to put me under.
I recently pulled a lower back muscle trying to put a generator onto a cart at Lowes.  The pain was not too bad so I carried on and tried to work through the pain (I have pulled it before) well that was a week ago.  Yesterday I went to the gym to sit in the Sauna to help loosen it up, which it did but while walking out I stumbled and my back locked up.  The spasm was bad.  I managed to get home and I was able to stretch out, but this morning I started getting lower back spasms something fierce.  I was unable to move without a spasm. Well right now,  still on bed, but I am taking Vicodin (pain) and flexeril (muscle relaxer) I hope to be up soon.  Thank you all for your posts. They helped me get through this nightmare.
I got immediate improvement switching from omeprazole 20mg and 40mg to prevacid 30mg for my long term struggle with severe acid reflux. I still occasionally supplement with a Pepcid Complete at bedtime, but overall I 'm much better.
I use Voltaren Gel for shin splints. I experienced extreme pain from shin splints everytime I run for a few days in a row. This problem has been going on for the last 12 years. If I push through with the pain for a couple of weeks it will get so bad that I won%u2019t be able to walk for a couple of days. Ever since my first year of track I haven%u2019t been able to run competitively. About six months ago as I was walking out of the doctor%u2019s office a sales rep came in with Voltaren Gel. The doctor stopped me to gave me the sample tube. With that tube I was able to train for a 5k race and come in 3rd. In a week from now I will be running a marathon. The gel has changed my life because it has brought relief to my legs.
I have to say I 'm shocked at the number of reviews from people just a few weeks out from their injections complaining of having to self-Cath or peeing more often. Did you not read any of the literature on this procedure? Did your doctor not explain what the Botox was doing to/for you? You are paralyzing your bladder muscles, i.e. they may not work at all or very well after, causing retention. This is why the literature states that if you are not prepared/willing to Cath after, don 't do it! An organ is being stuck over and over with needles - don 't you think that organ may be a little upset initially and freak out a bit with spasms (causing more frequent urination in some) until it has a chance to calm down?
I have a herniated L5 degenerative disc disease and arthritis when this flares up I can barely walk! I will go to the ER and get the Toradol shot and within 24 hours I am good and it lasts me for at least 3 months!
I have a colonoscopy tomorrow.  This is by far the worst tasting prep I have ever used.  I started at 5pm.  It started working while I was on my 2nd 16 oz. of water. I have to take another dose at midnight. I&rsquo;m not happy about that.  I just hope I can get it down.  I felt extremely nauseous.  Not sure how long I will be in here.  I&rsquo;m hoping to get some sleep before my midnight dose
This has a shelf life of about 4 times the tablets. I had the tablets and they loose their effectiveness after about 6 months, but the nitrolingual spray has lasted for about 2 years.
This works wonders for my insomia! Initially, Ambien was prescribed to me but it gave me the worst headache. With Restoril, I get at least 6 hours of sleep.
Taken 22 hours after our &quot;experience.&quot; There was genital rubbing very close to my vaginal opening and I was scared of precum. I just finished my period, about 3 days prior (most fertile week) and I 'm irregular. So I took the pill and about 6 days later I bled again, pretty heavy like a period for about 3 days. I had one sided cramps for weeks and had heavy white discharge which had me thinking I was pregnant. The internet does that to you, don 't psych yourself out. I took 2 home pregnancy tests, one when my period was 3 days late, and the other 7 days late(both -) Finally I got my period, 9 days late, brown at first and regular the next day. Girls I was stressing myself out, and easier said than done, don 't stress!! Good luck!
I am 1/2 way thru my 12 weeks. The side effects I 've had are , headaches almost daily mainly in the evening. Most of my joints have discomfort/pain in my upper body. These issues are tolerable by all means. I do get exhausted easily. I did my first blood test last week and it appears that the virus is gone. I am getting anemia according to the test as well. So far none of these side effects are horrible just annoying. Keeping the prayers going for us. Will update more later.
We had unprotected sex and he STRAIGHT UP ejaculated in me between 12/16 and 12/17 at midnight. No condom. This was ONE DAY BEFORE OVULATION, so I was very fertile and I wasn 't even sure if I had ovulated or not. He didn 't tell me until an hour later so I FREAKED out and drove to my nearest 24-hour pharm and took Plan B within two hours.I didn 't have any side effects besides a 5lb weight gain, so I was scared it didn 't work. I spent two long weeks worrying.. the only thing that gave me solace was reading reviews. But on 2/2, my period came just on time! Not sure if it was the pill as my chances of pregnancy would still be 30% without it, but I 'm leaving this for you ladies hoping it 'll give you some sanity
I started taking Cymbalta about one month ago. Initially the dose was 30mg for 2 weeks and 60mg following. I cannot believe how well this has helped me. I suffered with depression and severe anxiety. I will continue this medication as I understand full benefit may not be reached for several months. Overall I am extremely satisfied with Cymbalta. My only side effects are constipation and decreased appetite which I have resolved with Miralax and eating small meals more often. I also realized the increased taste of salt during my meals which has seemed to decrease more each day.
For 8 years I was on Aviane. Had horrible cramps, breast soreness awful mood swings, weight gain (at least 5-7lbs), and very odd periods (some would be heavy heavy, then the next month barely anything).Not too long ago, the pharmacy gave me Lutera instead for no reason. Questioning on how good this was, I was very nervous. My first week on Lutera, I lost those lbs, felt happy (like a weight has been lifted), no cramps! My period was light, short, and cramp free! I had NO MOOD SWINGS.Then, the next month, back on Aviane...worst breast tenderness I have ever felt within the first few days back on it! Cramps returned. The next month: Lutera.After that...Aviane.Now, I 've finally on Lutera...for good! This is the best.
This medicine has changed my life! I feel like I am living life again instead of surviving. I used to wake up every day fearful of everything. It was so bad that I had to take 6 weeks off work. This medicine has changed me. I wake up every morning happy and very energized. I started taking this medicine in April of 2017 and its the best decision I have ever made. I was always skeptical of taking medicine but I am so glad I decided to.
I was diagnosed with Cerebral Palsy (Spastic Diplegia), when I was 2. I&lsquo;ve been taking Baclofen for 2 years and it&rsquo;s been helping me tremendously for stiffness of my legs and muscle spasm!
Inderal was a miracle medicine for me. It prevented migraines with common triggers. The only migraines it was unable to prevent were those triggered by bad weather and hormones.
My doctor Currently has me on Opana ER 5mg every 12 hours and let me tell you it 's a God send. I was taking 4 or 7 Norco 10mg a day every 4 hours because I was always in so much pain now since my doctor switched me from Norco to Opana ER the results have been amazing I no longer have pain constantly and whenever I walk a long way I still sometimes have pain but on a scale of 1-10 the pain is only a 2. I 'm so thankful for this medicine because now I 'm no longer in pain and another good thing about this medication is I don 't have any side effects nor do I get that fuzzy feeling that other opioids give you . I highly recommend anyone who has chronic severe lower back pain to talk with your doctor about switching to Opana ER.
Commit is the only one that worked for me. I 've been smoke-free for 13 years now! It works!!!!
I am a 53 year old female.  Fell into a deep depression 1 year ago.  Couldn 't sleep, eat, had severe anxiety and almost couldn 't function at all.  Feelings of hopelessness, even suicidal at times.  I was frightened.  Psychiatrist tried several medicines.  I am VERY sensitive to medication.  Celebrex, Celexa made me sick.  Tried 5mg of Lexapro.  Felt jittery and a little nauseous but stuck with it.  After 2 weeks, went up to 10 mg.  After 4-5 weeks started to feel normal again.  Side effects got better.  Sex drive is fine and no weight gain.  It 's been a year and we are thinking about weaning me off in a couple of months.  I am so happy I stuck with Lexapro.  It saved my life. Don 't give up.
I have been taking this birth control for about 4 years now and I love it! It was my first birth control which I had received free from Planned Parenthood. I have had literally no side effects and my period is perfectly regulated each month. I would recommend this to anyone. Since its low estrogen I did not see increased breast size or decreased acne.
No problems what 's so ever.  I bought this before the lady bits got raw and over irritated and inserted it about 2 hours before bed never once felt it or any side effects. Only thing is the next morning you feel a bit sticky!!!!!! 
Love this stuff.  Week 6.  Transitioned from .75 to 1.5 last injection.  Love the appetite suppression.  After 1 month, A1C went from 9.4 to 7.6.  Expecting to be around 6.5, 30 days from now.  Lost 10 lbs so far (most of it in the last week).  Learning how to eat right with the drug.  Getting used to being happy with small portions.  Anticipation much weight loss.  Again, I love this drug.
So far after 11 days I am doing well. Started with patch and gum . Patch 21mg and 4mg patch after a week both were just to strong stomach upset did not feel well. Stopped the patch and use gum as needed to curtail desire to smoke I will Win this time I have to quit
I 've had cystic acne on/off for four years. It would come and go where my skin would be horrible my acne and cysts all over then clear up for a few months. I had a bad breakout and took Doryx which made my acne worse. I switched to bactrim and within 1 month, my breakouts stopped and my larger cysts were going down.About 3 months later, I 'm off and my skin has remained clear (minus very small pimples here and there).
Wanted to help anyone that may be going through this stressful time like I did. I am a male, and I had unprotected sex at the beginning of August. I finished inside of her and immediately started to panic. Went strait to the store and bought Plan B for about $50 and gave her the pill about 45 min after incident. Glad to say it worked! She got her period 4 days late, so don 't panic if it doesn 't come on time. My advice is pray and trust in God to take care of everything! Psalm 34:4-5 and 1 Peter 5:6-7 really helped me through this situation. Good luck and God bless!
It 's about time that a medicine came out for the treatment of ITP. My mom 's waited for over 17 years for a treatment for her ITP. And this medicine looks very promising to help those like my mom who has ITP! I hope that more new medicines for ITP come out soon and hopefully cure IPT once and for all.
I have been taking zestoretic 20-25 mg along with norvasc 5 mg for 30 years....brand only as my original doctor prescribed and have never had any more issues with my high blood pressure.  The generics released medication more up front than zestoretic brand and I would wake up with severe headaches.  Zestoretic  along with the norvasc was perfect.  My blood pressure is normal and I have no signs of any side effects after all these years...I am now in my 70 's.  I do have to avoid being out in the hot sun for extended periods of time as it does make me a little dizzy, and I have to drink lots of fluids, but a small price to have my blood pressure under complete control.
I started Implanon about a year ago. Over all i am really pleased with its affects. Some things that i dont really like is i spot here and there ( not to often though ) and the first few months i had it in my arm irritated me really badly. Other then that I have not gained any weight, have had no major mood swings, it almost completelly eliminated my cramps and back pain ( which was very severe before ) and my boyfreind and I are able to have a very good sex life. Its given both of us alot of peace of mind. I excersize and eat healthy on a daily basis, which i believe is one of the reasons why this has worked so well for me. All around i would recommend this birthcontrol, while maintaining a healthy diet and excersize.
I have Fibromyalgia and compression fractures in my lower back and neck from an automobile accident.  I have tried everything for pain and stiffness.  I changed doctors and she gave me a prescription for Flexeril 10mg to take at bedtime to help me sleep.  For me, this is the best medication I have tried. I had to cut the pills in quarters however because the 10mg was too strong.
Well I have tremors and migraines, so my neurologist gave me 800mg gabapentin and I 'm supposed to take 2 x 800mg (1600mg) 3 times a day for my tremors mainly, but a side effect is the absence of migraines.
Like previous posters, I had focused on negative reviews and was terrified as this was my first prep. At 3pm I took my first dose. I mixed my prep with cold water and refrigerated before taking. I had read the lemon slice trick a few times, so had some on hand. I took it down in three large gulps and didn 't have any problems. I drank the next 32 ounces of water with ease. About 30 minutes later was my first movement. That dose had me in and out of the bathroom for about 1 hour and 15 minutes. The second dose I repeated at 11pm, same exact thing. I was able to sleep from 1:30am until leaving the house at 6:30am. I worried for nothing. All finished and results were just fine!
This is the most effective delivery system yet. In the past I have used 1) Testim - too smelly and left my upper arms full of acne and 2) Striant - somewhat effective but not as efficient in delivering the medicine into the bloodstream. I feel the difference with only 30 mg a day. I think Lilly has a winner here.
My recommendation is for everyone that has COPD to try it, it has been life changing for me. You will not regret trying this medication. LIFE CHANGING!
Very satisfied. Does what it claims to do and I don 't feel any side effects.
May 2016, white male 51 yrs old, first gout attack.  I was lifting heavy about 2 weeks ago and I over did red meat, chicken, salmon, two protein shakes per day at 30 grams each, aspirin almost daily and a 5 hour energy drink, junk food in there for good measure.  Drink instant coffee excessively daily Did not like to drink water so likely became hydrated as well.  I feel I brought this on with my eating habits but blood test came back 6.5 uric acid  which was within normal range.  I in total pain and missed 2 weeks of work. Doctor put me on Indomethacin after weeks of Advil, water, cherries, cherry juice,  no red meat or alcohol, etc with no relief.  Felt relief first hour.  Did get a little dizzy but pain is almost gone after 1st pill.
I would have to say that Yaz has been by far the best birth control pill I 've tried. No weight gain no depression, I have tons of energy, I still have my sex drive, and no crazy out of control mood swings. It 's worth a try. But no birth control pill is going to work the same for everyone. I recommend NEVER doing the generic brands, they are slightly different which if your sensitive to birth control pills like me, you will notice a difference. Yaz changed my life and made my PMDD a lot better.
Hello everyone. I 'm a 30 yr old female. My starting weight is 396. I went to the Dr looking for help. He gave me a choice between 2 meds ( phentermine and contrave). I choose phentermine. I started taking the pill on May 4, 2017. He suggested I start taking half a pill just in case it would speed up my heart rate. After 3 weeks of taking half of pill I started taking the whole pill. I 've been on the pill for a month and I have the most energy. The scale says I 'm down 19lbs!!! My clothes pretty much fit the same but I can feel I difference in my walk. My back ache is no more. I can stand and have conversations at work without looking for a chair or leaning against something. I have changed the way I eat also. I cut out fast food.
Pretty awesome! I had been on this birth control for almost three months but had stopped taking it since I broke off a relationship and no longer needed them. I was scared to try taking birth control since the previous one had really messed with me emotionally and physically. I had been on the Nuvaring. I did my research and found that Alesse had the best reviews, and Aviane is the generic for Alesse. At first, I had a bit of anxiety, fatigue and restlessness but after the first couple days or the first week my body quickly adjusted. I hadn 't noticed anything abnormal about my periods and I had less cramps. I used to get irregular periods but while on Aviane I knew exactly when I 'd get them. I have nothing bad to say about Aviane.
I had an unexpected medical issue and was initially prescribed Buspirone to help deal with the ensuing depression. It took so long to kick in that all the other medicines I was taking made me suicidal. I talked to my doc who recommended a relatively new antidepressant called Pristiq. From the moment I started taking it my life changed for the better, no more suicidal thoughts, my days returned to normal. I took it for six months until I felt I no longer needed it. I reduced my dosage as directed and weaned myself off it. There were a few brain zaps as the dosage decreased, but once I understood what was going on everything was fine. The only downside I can think of was a decreased sexual drive, but with a great partner we worked our way through It.
I finally went up to 30 milligrams a day. It helped tremendously with my anxiety. I went off after I lost my insurance and had no withdrawals like I did with benzodiazepines.
I was on Accutane in high school, it worked for a few years, I took birth control for 8 years so that may have helped a lot with the acne too. After having my daughter I went off birth control permanently. My acne returned pretty quickly. I had moderate/severe acne on my cheeks and jawline. I saw some improvement with Epiduo after about 3 weeks but its been 10 weeks and I have only a couple active zits. My skin looks good, just the old scars left and I think it 's even helped minimize those. I don 't really like prescription medicines in general, I prefer natural, but, this surprisingly works.
Great for panic disorder.
After getting a bad infection meningitis I had some long term damage. I have migraines daily and fibromyalgia and interstitial cystitis. I can 't take most pain medication because it can make it worse. Morphine is the only one that has worked for me &amp; I 'm able to live a life!  It 's been 7 years and my dose has stayed the same. I take morphine sulphate IR 30, 3 times a day. No side effects no more.  I can drive &amp; it doesn 't affect daily activities. But be careful it causes constipation. So if you are on it I recommend that you take a stool softener &amp; vitamins.
Took 1.0 right after surgery for ten years. Then special ist concerned to high. Conservative drop to .95 then dropped to .88 when dropped to .88 was very tired put on 5 lbs in 5 dayswas a weight watchers person has lost 20 pounds took me ten months to lose 20 then change in dosage gain 5 pounds added steps up to 20000 a day and cut portions back more finally ten months later have kept 20 pounds off . I worked hard to do this since the change from .95 to .88 made me very tired. Now they want to drop it to 65? I am still tired constipated and do not understand why if I am borderline? Whatever that means why would you stop it to .65 very disappointed. Have moved to clovis California will have to find new doctor. Change in meds really stressed
Happy and free of anxiety.
I started with 2 mg and went to 4 mg. Within a few days I started diarrhea. Doctor couldn 't give a reason. Went back to 2 mg and still had it. I found the answer in the side effects. I am now on 1 mg with no problem.
As someone who has a needle phobia and a history of factor five in my family, I opted for the mini pill. I also have chronic migraine headaches, occasionally with auras, so that limits my options again. Upon readings Errin 's reviews, I was nervous. However, a month and a half in, I have no weight gain, no moodiness, the only negative thing for me was my periods. Out of a month and a half, I have had 3 weeks of bleeding, however it is lighter than usual and took my period down from 7 days average to 3-4 days average. I take my pill at the EXACT time everyday, I recommend setting an alarm. Also,I have been diagnosed with seasonal affective disorder (a form of depression) and generalized anixety disorder, and Errin has had no effect on my mood
Broke out with hives probably  like 5 or 6 months ago then had them everyday. Tested for allergies, didnt change diet nothing new, and didnt change detergrnts. Nothing seemes to be the root cause. Was put  on various medcines such as predisone and allergy meds and doxepin. Finally got xolair shots. Got two shots at once and have to get them once a month but it worked!! Honestly  hives all over your body everyday really brings you down. This brought  down my hives a lot in a few days then after A few days i was hive  free.going from everyday for months to nothing for the past week have really improved My self esteem. Its looking really good so far. Reccomend it if youve tried everything else
I have lost 40lbs, feel better, more energy. I recommend it to anyone that has tried everything like myself
I have been on Belviq since September 2014 and have lost about 50 lbs. Today 1/27/2015 I weigh 195 lbs. and back in September I was at 248lbs. I love Belviq so much it 's one of the best prescriptions I have ever gotten. Because Belviq helps me control my appetite I am able to eat less and I eat healthier food, also I have started working out for an hour a day, 6 days a week since I started Belviq. It 's the most amazing medication that exists it really has changed my life for the better.
I had a problem with biting my tonuge while asleep. Dr. said it was some type of seizure. I 've been taking Klonopin for 15yrs and only had to increase the dosage from 0.5mg to 1.5mg over this period. I take it at night and have no side effects that I can tell. Hope it keeps working as it does now.
In 1990 due to the stress of my father and my husband having life-threatening health issues, I, who was a very healthy person, wound up in the doctor 's office explaining of my excruciating abdominal pain, my weakness, nausea, and desire to sleep.  I was given a prescription for Librax. and was told if it was Irritable Bowel Syndrome, Librax would help me. It was a life-saver!  Since then I 've suffered three or four episodes, but none as severe as the first two.  They always come during a time of  'life stress ' issues.  No insurance.  No negative side effects of Librax for me!
My mother broke out seemed like overnight with red bumps that quickly turned into dry patches. The dermatologist knew right away what it was. We have been on the Methotrexate for 6 weeks and the flaking is totally gone and is healing. The dose was 2 Friday morning, 2 Friday evening and 2 Saturday morning. Only side effect was appetite and very tired for 2 days.
Relpax is effective in taking away migraine pain 99% of the time.  For me, the best part was making me feel less nauseous, and less sensitive to sound/light.  The WORST part was the side effects.  I experienced muscle cramps in my upper body for about 30 minutes.
I have found this drug also acts as a muscle relaxant and aids in the pain relief efectiveness of Vicodin, oxycontin in 2.5-5mgDose, reducing the frequency of increacing the dose of these pain relievers due to developing a tolerance to these narcotic drugs in long term chronic pain illnesses such as mine. This drug also reduceses the stress and fatigue associated with my illness anwould most likely work well for other long term chronic pain illnesses such as Fibromialgia.
Degenerative disc disease, 3 surgeries, 12 shots and a fusion.  Life is horrible without this.
I was just diagnosed with fibromyalgia earlier this year. My old doctor prescribed me Cymbalta and it didn 't work. I was off from work for 2 months because of the pain. All I did was layed in bed suffering. Seemed like I would never have my normal life back. I went to another doctor and he prescribed me Lyrica it lessened the pain within a day or two. Now I have some of my life back. I still have a little pain but Lyrica has helped me and changed my life.
I have been on it for years. My sons are also on it..if taken as the directions of your doctor its almost perfect. Our moods are stable and we almost feel normal.
My 18 year old daughter has been on Daytrana patches for more than 5 years.  She needs a 40 mg dose, and 30 mg is the strongest patch. Benefits are MANY.  Though 9 hours is the recommended time for wearing the patch, my daughter routinely wears them for 14 hours daily to get school work and homework done.  She wears them 16 or more hours if she has a date, or there is a school function that lasts late e.g. PROM.  This has allowed her to avoid those horrible &quot;impulse control&quot; issues most ADD kids experience.  Daytrana has allowed her to avoid the highs and lows that occur with other medications.  We love Daytrana.
The NuvaRing has been absolutely wonderful for me. I 've been using it for about 2 years and I just can 't say enough good things about it. It 's so easy it is to use and it 's been extremely effective; not just in the obvious prevention of pregnancy, but also with controlling my acne and maintaing my weight; No moodiness, no depression. I understand that there isn 't a &quot;one size fits all&quot; when it comes to birth control, but I would recommend to anyone that they at least give this a try to see how it suits them. Since it seems that everyone goes online to post their horror stories, I just wanted to say something positive about the NuvaRing because I think it 's one of the best forms of birth control out there. I 'll never go back to the pill!!
This was THE BEST TREATMENT for me.  I was taking 1 Diflucan pill a day for 2 weeks and it did not began to relieve the discomfort of this problem.  One treatment of Gynazol took care of the pain, swelling and discomfort OVERNIGHT!  Talk to your doctor!
Propranolol is literally a miracle drug. Took it before a presentation today and I literally felt no nerves at all. I felt as if I was talking to friends and it helped me connect with the audience so well as I was so much more laid back. I do not think I will ever have a problem with presentations or interviews again after using this drug. Highly recxommend. I took 10mg
Helped a lot.
I have  Frozen Shoulder (Adhesive Capsulitis). Aspercreme (Trolamine salicylate) had the least/mildest side effects of any other medicine I saw, and the price was great.  My mother had a frozen shoulder around 1985.  Surgery was recommended, but she wanted to first try the painful stretching exercises to break the adhesions.  This helped ease the pain enough to do them and recover.  Since then, I have used it occasionally for a cramping deltoid muscle in my neck/shoulder that would send me to bed otherwise.  Works really well when Tylenol is not enough, especially when trying to sleep.
I Love This Birth Control. I forget I even have it! It 's painless and leaves very little scaring. I got this in August 2010 and I have had NO problems! I spot from time to time but very little and not even every month that I even spot. I was told awful things about this and none have been true to me since I 've been on this over a year. I will for sure without a doubt get this again. I love it.
Absolutely improved my pregnancy experience by reducing my nausea and vomiting.  I was prescribed 2 tablets before bed, 1 in the morning and 1 mid day because I was extremely sick.  They always recommended it to be taken with an empty stomach. I only took 2 before bed with food (because I refuse to take any pill on an empty stomach) and it worked wonders. If I ever forgot to take them I was guaranteed a horrible day.
After severely injuring my back while lifting a patient, herniating three discs, three failed back surgeries and multiple ineffective pain relief measures I finally accepted that I will need medication until a cure for spinal nerve damage is found. Using oxycodone means I can walk my dog, keep my house neat, enjoy life with my husband and live life again. I am scruptiously careful about how much I take and keep them under lock and key for the safety of my grandchildren. With great care this drug can give you your life back. However if a person doesn 't take very seriously the potential addiction properties it can make a bad situation worse.
I am not obese and i do not take this medicine for obesity (i take it for anxiety) One of the side effects for this medication is weight loss and loss of appetite, I have lost 20lbs since taking this medication. I don 't know if you 're able to take this medication for obesity but it does make you lose weight.
Excellent drug for motion sickness. However, if you take it for a long period of time and then stop taking it, you will be nauseous for at least a week. 
I have MS and experienced a severe relapse and spent a week in the hospital with chronic face pain. After determining it was Trigeminal neuralgia, my neurologist and I spent several weeks trying numerous treatments. Trileptal was the only one that gave me not only immediate relief, but I haven 't had any face pain for months now!
I am a 27 year old female and started taking doxycycline for acne 4 days ago. I have never had acne in my life up until recently and my dermatologist prescribed me this. I was a little skeptical to take an antibiotic for acne but so far it 's working! I would have a few large, painful pimples at a time along with many small comedones on my forehead and chin but after only 4 days of taking this I have seen a significant change! The pimples are receding and I notice less and less comedomes every day! I have not had any issues with nausea or headache but I have made sure to take it with a decent amount of food every day.
This is THE BEST birth control I 've come across. I 'm seriously blown away. I have had zero mood swings--- even near my period, I had break through bleeding the first month and that was it, my periods are already so light and I 'm only on the third month, my face cleared right up and has been less oily, I 've lost weight... I 'm on cloud nine. I have never had this well of an experience on birth control as I 'm very sensitive to medications.
I am a 20 years old male, I was never involved in sports in high school. I started taking Adipex February of 2013, it is now June and I have lost 57 lbs! I have gotten off the medicine for about a month now and only take a pill every now and then as I start to lose my motivation but coming from 334 lbs and only being 5 '10&quot; it is amazing the difference you feel in your entire body. I am a full time college student and that makes it hard to focus on your health, but Adipex does it for me. I have had the dry mouth and it does tend to make me extremely irritable sometimes, but still does the job I have gone from a 48 in jeans to a 44 and some 42s fit.
I recently completed a year-long clinical trial with Forest Labs and went back to using my prior medication, Advair.  I have since noticed a definite difference in my breathing, coughing and wheezing.  I am returning to Tudorza immediately
I was born with 4 kidneys, and it seems some of the other reviewers &quot;side effects&quot; were actually kidney/bladder infection symptoms. These infections spread fast, and can be lethal. Amoxacillin is a gentle savior for me, I still have 3 of 4 kidneys, after surgery and countless urinary tract infections, I trust it very much. It can take as little as 2 days to go from UTI to bladder, and a day or so more to kidneys, nip it in the bud, at first stinging. Because if you start to feel constipated,  it 's probably not, that is a kidney infection symptom. These infections scare the daylights out of me, it has been quite a while since I was hospitalized, amoxacillin is safe and much easier on the body than cipro.
Tried it and quit within 2 weeks. That was 6 years ago
For the first time in 50 years, I have relief from migraines, since using botox.  I have a life now. I can make plans.  For the first 4-5 days after botox, I hurt from the injections, my neck hurts, but then I feel great for almost 3 months.  It 's not 100% as I still get migraines but, they come less frequently and last for a shorter time.  I would tell people that it worth trying.  A little bit of pain for 12 weeks almost pain free.  I love it.  It has changed my life.
35 year old male who has suffered with public speaking anxiety my entire life. In meetings my body and chest would tighten up, heart rate increase and if i did speak my voice would be shaky and i would often cut my self short. Although i got better with practice it was the one area of my life where i felt i was being held back.I started taking these 6 months ago and they have changed my life.  I feel more confidant inside knowing the pills have got my symptoms in check. I find two 10mg pills work best for me about 45mins before the event.  In the last 6 months I have presented to large groups, held court in meetings etc. Wish i had discovered them years ago.
This is the only allergy medicine that has ever worked for me.  I 've been using it since it was a prescription only capsule and I 'm honestly suffering without it.  Why they took it off the market is beyond reason?
I have recently gone to a headache specialist after thinking no one is going to help me with my migraines and constant tension headaches. She gave me Zomig and it does really work. The first time I tried it I wasn 't 100% sure my headache was a migraine since it felt different then the one I 've always experienced. It wasn 't throbbing from front to back all on one side but it did really hurt bad all on one side. I was pleasantly surprised. Maybe it was a different kind of migraine since I have just weaned off of Excedrin and 2 years of Tramadol use. A couple of days ago I had a bothersome headache that had been off and on in intensity for 2 days then turned into the normal migraine I have been accustomed to and the Zomig took care of it.
I Have only taken my Ativan 3 times in the past month that I have had it. I really try to take it only on the times I can 't control my anxiety and can not work because of it. I am so against taking medication including this one but the second and third time I took it I was happy I did. It allows me to function and get through the day feeling good. It really does take the edge off and also calms my heart rate,  As it usually is always beating faster throughout the day just from being anxious. Even though I still get paranoid about having to Take this medication when I really need it , I end up being glad I did. It works! I personally have no side effects either from this med.
My daughter was diagnosed with ADD in the  1st grade.  I didn 't want to start her on a stimulant right away and our pediatrician recommended we try Strattera.  I am happy to say that my daughter is now in 11th grade and has been on Straterra her entire time in school...we went through all the ups and downs of titrating the meds, which combo worked and which upset her tummy but all in all this has been the best med for her.  She is now on 80 mg and has been since she stopped growing.  Unfortunately, the meds have gotten extremely expensive and even with a coupon, I will have to pay over $350/month to keep her on this until we hit our $5,600 deductible.  I am very disappointed in the manufacturer that they have hiked the meds so high.
I have been on Meridia for one year under my doctor 's supervision.  During that time I have lost 108 pounds.  My doctor has been able to gradually take me off of all 3 blood pressure prescriptions, simvastatin and metformin.  It has been very effective in helping me control my appetite and thus lose weight.  I have increased energy, sex drive, and generally a much better disposition and outlook on life.  It has been great for me.  I have another 12 pounds to lose to reach my goal weight of 174.  Once that is achieved, he intends to keep me on Meridia for another 6 months to enable my body to achieve the correct amount of Leptin production necessary to maintain my new weight and prevent me from regaining the 120 lbs I will have lost.
I have been on Arimidex for just over a year and have experience basically no side effects.  The only issue I have is my left hand and fingers tingle occasionally at night - enough to waken me, however, the doctor thinks it has more to do with Carpel Tunnel Syndrome - which I never had before.  I am going to be 70 years old soon, am in excellent health and shape as I work with a personal trainer.  Life is Good!
I thought I was having frequent UTI 's the majority of my life. I did everything I could think of to prevent and treat them. The summer of 2013 and multiple negative UTI tests, I was tested for IC and a test to see the size of my bladder. Turns out my bladder was VERY large for my size. I not only began taking Elmiron (two pills twice a day) but also had to retrain by bladder by &quot;going&quot; every two hours. After about two months I started to finally feel relief that I had been searching for for over 10 years. I have been on Elmiron for almost two years. I have dropped from 4 pills a day, down to 3, and now down 2 a day.  I stay away from lemon and very citrus/acidic foods. My goal is to be off Elmiron by the time I want kids. No side effects
I have four days left of treatment, which has been for six months.  The side effects have been mental for me.  Anxiety, depression, insomnia, mood swings, irritability and rage all come and go randomly.  The virus was undetected at four weeks and this is my first treatment.  I won 't know until three months post treatment if the virus will stay gone, but it 's gone right now.  I am genotype 3A.
I had been on Xanax for my severe panic disorder but it would wear off so fast I would find myself actually craving another one. I was honest with my doctor about the rising addiction to it and she put me on clonazepam. I stay calm and sleep better. I can go outside and go for a walk. I can hang out with my friend. I like it better than Xanax way more. G.J.
53 female and have cystic acne and very oily skin .... Been on it about a month and I 'm over the top happy no more itchy painful bumps in my scalp ears and face.... I am having hair loss but will push thru to see if it subsides .... Having dealt with acne most of my life I 'll take thinner hair for clear skin any day â˜ºï¸
honestly at first i couldnt even tell anything was happening, i went in and out of stages and it almost seemed my acne got worse. that was just the epiduo pulling the dirt and junk and acne out. now 4 months in, my acne is completely gone. i had horrible acne as well. this has changed my life.
I have a bulging disc in the middle and lower part of my back. The doctors kept tell me to take NSAIDS but they would not do the job. Finally a doctor called in the Norcos for me and OMG they are a miracle drug. I have taken all kinds of pain meds because I am also a stone former and had multiple surgeries. This is a first for me and they are really good. I have been addicted to vicidin so pray these dont hurt me that way!
Accutane worked great for me.  When I quit smoking and started working out at the gym, I broke out on my cheeks and my back.  Took Accutane for 4 months (80mg daily) and had dry lips, dry eyes, dry face (moisturizer daily), very red and sensitive skin and peeling hands. Made it through with a little bit of suffering and I must say my face is 100% clear and it had been 2 months without it so far and my back is about 80% better.  Might consider another short treatment in the winter to try and combat my back a little more but so far very satisfied with my results. I know I was worried sick and contemplated taking it for weeks after reading reviews and then finally took the plunge.  Don 't regret it for a second. Million times happier.
I had tried so many birth controls before this one and finally my doctor recommended another one. It was Yaz. probably the best birth control for clearing acne, ever. After just two months I 'm already noticing a drastic difference. I am so so grateful. I can 't even remember the last three I was on before this one but some made my acne so much worse and I 'm so glad I found this one
I went to my gynecologist for what I thought were vaginal infections. It felt like my vagina was on fire all of the time. She sent me to a great Urologist because she suspected IC. Sure enough I had a raging case of it. He put me on Elmiron. It took 5 to 6 months to begin working. My pain went away almost totally. I have experienced hair loss, that isn 't that noticeable. I tried going off of it- Big Mistake! I 'll be on it the rest of my life. When I sometimes eat one of the foods not on the IC diet and experience pain I take a Uribel...Another great medication! Elmiron is a miracle worker for me.
I loved this medicine. It covered all of my symptoms and did not give a lot of side effects.
I have had severe pain due to my Multiple Sclerosis. Started on Limbrel, after a few weeks I could feel the relief. I take it every 12 hours and I can feel when the hour is near to dose. In between I use Aleve but with much less dosing. This has been a God send for me and absolutely no side effects.
This medication has been a godsend for me. I 've been on some other antidepressants, namely Cymbalta and Buspar but I couldn 't quite get my head out of the funk.  Now, with Wellbutrin I feel like I 'm awake and enjoying life again!
I have been on the medication for exactly 3 months. I am 6 foot 2 and started out at 312. This morning I weighed in at 268. Of course it is not all the drug, I am walking and drinking lots of water. It has given me the help I needed to really get a great start. I am in a size 44 pant and on my way to my goal of 230.
Finally a birth control that doesn 't give me horrible side affects like mood swings and heavy periods. I barely get periods which for me is GREAT!
I have been taking this for about a month now and noticed a significant reduction in sneeze attacks and excessive allergy symptoms. I take this along with my regular Allegra dose. Taking the Allegra alone I would still get sneeze attacks but now with Flonase it is only occasional. Thank you Flonase!
Worked well except for the side effects...orthostatic hypotension caused me to faint, restless legs, and overeating.
We use Dramamine prior to fishing trips.  However an old sea captain told me to take one pill the night before and then another the morning of the trip.  This way it really gets in your system.  It works!
Was given tramadol for extreme pain from kidney stone that would pass. Couldn 't get into specialist for a week. Very thankful it really helped with the painSide effects for me sleeplessness, mild itching on face. Only made me tired and dizzy for the first hour or so.
A great medicine. I 'm on 40 mg daily due to the feeling of my food being stuck in my throat. It was so bad at one time that I purposely made myself vomit for relief. After having my esophagus looked at - and finding out I also have a small hiatal hernia, doctor said my &quot;flapper&quot; doesn 't close, or stay closed. So here I am religiously taking this medicine and mostly loving life. If you miss a day you will again feel miserable. I will say that over the years I have experienced &quot;breakthrough&quot; reflux at one time or another but never for a second day. Very happy.
I have had excess facial hair since I was 17.  I was tweezing at least every other day before I discovered Vaniqa.  I have been using Vaniqa for about 6 weeks and have noticed a big difference in the amount of facial hair that has grown back.  I am now tweezing only a couple times a week.  This creme is pricey, but is well worth it!  I wish I had discovered it years ago!
Works great just works slowly.
I 've had Nexplanon for over a year now and I love it! I haven 't had a single period and my cramps are gone. Along with constant migraines. I would recommend this birth control to anyone. It 's so much easier than taking the pill every day.
I am a 25 year old female. I have been constipated since I was a baby and nobody knew why. I always had to strain to go to the bathroom. As a matter of fact I had to mentally prepare. I had to focus on my breathing to try to cope with the pain and fear of going to the bathroom. Sometimes it would take me 2 hours for nothing. I have used Amitiza for 18 months now AND IF THEY EVER TOOK IT AWAY I WOULD START A RIOT. I go to the bathroom about 4 times a week. No pain,no strain, and its soft and not hard.  My stomach is so much flatter. I can see I actually have a shape. I lost 10 pounds of waste the first 2 weeks. I feel lighter and happy. Going to the bathroom is a breeze. Sometimes I get nausea. But the cons are light compared to the pro.
I have had a 30lb weight gain since May of last year, so I finally was able to get Saxenda prescribed to me! And I am thrilled! I just finished my 2nd week and I have lost NINE POUNDS in 12 days! This is with NO excercise other than normal walking at work and house cleaning. It has curbed my appetite I have been keeping a daily food journal , I am on dose 1.2 and have a VERY hard time eating more than 800 to 900 calories a day and keeping my carb intake under 90 or less. Of course the low calories are the largest part of the weight loss. I have found that Saxenda has given me the ability to walk right past any snacks , I am excited to be on this  journey! Will give an update on weight next week.
I 'm a medical doctor (anesthesiologist), and also I 'm a scuba diver, I was having strong problems of motion sickness, at one point just seeing the boat and  I was in a motion sickness state. I started taking MAREZINE one pill the night before and another 1 hour before going on the boat and since then I 've never had motion sickness.
I have been using Cymbalta for two of years for neuropathic pain in my feet. It works very well most of the time at the 90mg dose I am taking daily. There are days when I have done some activity that aggravates my back and I have to take an extra 30 mg. This helps but I experience the hot flashes at the 120 dose. I do not have the night terrors but there are times when I have run out of the prescription and if I have not had it for a day I get very vivid dreams. They are not scary but if I wake up from one I 'm up until I settle my brain down. Erectile Dysfunction has been a problem and I address it with Cialis or Viagra which are expensive even with my coverage. Reducing the dose to 60mg the day before sex helps.
It is a bit pricey but has been very effective at keeping my blood pressure in check. My readings have been very consistent.  I take the 80 mg and I have not experienced any side effects at all. I haven 't had any insurance but I get it for $39 with a prescription discount card.  I will see how the cost is when I get Medicare D.
I tried cymbalta before and I gave up two times many side effects, but after trying all others medication like gabapentin, savella, lyrica, pain killers, I decide to give a last chance, and finally work, the first 3 weeks I have all kind of side effects but eventually pass, I started at lower dose of 20 mg once a day then after a month 40 mg a day for two weeks and now I am taking 60 mg once a day. I still experience some moods issues, but my pain went from 10 to 3 and so far I have been on 60 mg for a week, so I hope it keep helping me with the fibromyalgia and anxiety.
I was prescribed Zoloft 60mg twice a day. I didn 't like the Zoloft and now take Lorazepam 1mg 3 times a day, it makes a world of difference.
Go for the methadone. I 've been an opiate addict for 10 years. I 've been on methadone for two months now and I feel better than I ever have. I get my dose early in the morning and it keeps me well all day. I hardly ever think about getting high anymore. It 's a better life. It works. It will take a week or two to find your appropriate dose but when you do you will feel so much better. I go to work and take care of my family. My love life with my life is better than ever. I can play with my son outside. It 's great. If there 's hope for me, there 's hope for you too, my friend.
I got this inserted 3 years ago, my arm hurt for one day with no bruising, and then I literally forgot about it for the remaining time. No periods ever, and never once pregnant. No weight gain. Most convenient form of birth control ever used, but it may just be the way my body has reacted. Got it reinserted for the next 3 years and got some bruising, but not too bad.
A two-year depression vanished in just 24 hours.
As soon as I started taking Xanax I started to feel much better. I have had anxiety and panic attacks for years and Xanax has really helped me. I have had zero side effect from taking it. So far going well.
I have been on Tramadol for about 2 years now for my back pain associated with scoliosis. I take 200mg daily. It has worked great! Although just had to up my dose to 300mg daily. I 'm afraid that my body is going to get immune and I will have to take more.
When I reached my pre teen years I started having a never ending period cycle with a two-three day break in between. I always had a wonky period cycle. I started my period when I was 11 and it lasted for a normal week in March and didn 't come back for a year. It then evened out and became normal until my 14th year when it started to become my life. It would go from 3 months straight to 3 months off and then to many months on and only a couple weeks off and then only a couple days off by my 17th birthday. That 's when I was finally trial run through the process of several different BC pills and this one ended up working amazingly. I 'd rather not have it at all than have it every day of my life! But now I can 't afford it so I have to say bye.
I 've been on Lexapro for two months now. The first 4 weeks I had very minor side effects. Dry mouth, dilated pupils, etc. VERY minor and only lasted 2 days each. Two months later I can tell you this medication is amazing. I suffered from very periodic anxiety which turned into panic attacks on some occasions. It was always in the back of my mind as to if or when it was going to happen. That 's no way to live. I feel focused with clear thought now. I still laugh and feel every emotion...I just don 't worry about things like I used to before Lexapro. I 'm happier and have a more positive outlook on difficult situations in my life now. I find myself being much more social now too. Miracle medication for sure!
My boyfriend and I had sex and the condom broke. I 'm normally on birth control but had an adverse reaction to  a new prescription and stopped. We immediately drove to Walgreens and bought Plan B One Step over the counter. I was frightened by the amount of side effects people mentioned in previous reviews. All I had was a light headache and I was tired, but these only lasted 1-2 days. My period started about 10 days after taking the pill (and about 3 days earlier than normal) and it is a very heavy flow, much heavier than normal (which is fine with me if it means I 'm not pregnant.) Just give it time and try not to worry. It WILL work. $53 is DEFINITELY money well-spent
I found Amitiza moderately effective as a laxative, mostly just reducing straining.  The side effects were outstanding, however.  Abdominal sensations went from offensive to extremely pleasant.  I spent the whole week that my presciption lasted laying around feeling like a cat in front of the fireplace.  I don 't think my doctor approved.
Been using estradiol patches for the past 2 years since my full hysterectomy. I am 39 years old. No side effects. Can 't live without them. One day with no patch and hot flashes, fatigue and moodiness is back.
Balanced me out and cleared up my face - and of course keeps me from getting pregnant.
I 've also been trying different preventive medication for migraines with my doctor and so far Depakote is working the best. I started with 250mg a day for the first week, now at 500 mg a day. Before this medication, I would wake up daily with chronic head pain in the neck or behind the eyes. Now I wake up almost every morning with a clear head. I haven 't seen any side effects yet at this dosage and I 've even lost weight since I 've been proactive with daily exercise. I started walking 2 miles daily since taking this medication. With proactive exercise and eating habits, I think anyone can keep potential side effects at bay. Previously, I was on Topamax and had to stop taking it as the nausea/head fuzz was too severe for my line of work.
I am taking Gabapentin for nerve pain from an accident many years ago. I had been suffering with it for a long time. This drug has decreased the pain 10 fold and has given me back part of myself.
Just over a week and down about 4lbs.   Feel pretty good.  Lots more energy.  A big plus is that I don 't have big cravings for junk.  I am able to feel full after a smaller meal.   That said, it is hard to get to sleep and a weird side effect is that I am always cold.  When I sit down in the evening, I 'm absolutely freezing!!!   2 pairs of sox, 2 blankets, fleece coat ( sometimes mittens)For a woman that used to be overheated all the time, this is a change.I plan on continuing this for a while under my doctor 's supervision as it helps give me that edge I need.
First time ever having gout, 47-year-old male in decent shape, don 't eat a lot of red meat and barely touch alcohol. Spent three weeks in increasingly excruciating pain. Made the mistake of having a glass of wine one night, which sent me into two 30-45 min pain cycles that my wife said looked like labor -- biting on towels, praying, asking her to tell me stories, anything to get my mind off the pain. Had been on Colchicine, which did nothing except give me stomach cramps and diarrhea. Couldn 't take ibuprofen for fear of shredding my stomach even worse. Finally went to a different doc, who prescribed Indomethacin. Miracle drug. Started working within hours. Three days later, can wear shoes &amp; walk almost without limping. Amazing!
Started Harvoni 1/1/15 finished 3/24/15, no side effects!  What a great product!  Thank you FDA for approval
This drug is not listed for the cancer symptom of not eating and should be. It saved my family members life.
I feel worlds different - I don 't need caffeine to get through the day, and low blood sugar doesn 't bother me any more.  Yes, I 'm even losing some fat, but I think that 's because I can go longer between meals and it takes less food to feel full.  The only odd thing is that my lips are unusually dry.
Obviously , the condom broke and it was 11 pm we were scared because I 'm 18 and my boyfriend is 19. We were scared more than anything. But no matter what stay clam because freaking out does not help at all. We took the pill at 10 am the following morning . My period was estimated two weeks after taking the pill . My period was 3 days late but within the two weeks I did feel like throwing up like constantly. At the end the pill works it does . Not pregant and helped
If not for this medicine, I would have failed college due to the bipolar disorder. Although I got some side effects at first, and whenever my dose is upped, they last for a day or 2. My moods are way more even, and combined with Klonopin I can finally sleep!
6 hours in and feel completely normal. Painful, yet tolerable, insert. Less than 1 minute of 5 pain on a scale of 1-10. Next hour, pain scale 2 -like a cramp, but enough to drive home and go to the market. Eat before, will help with being light headed. Take 800mg ibuprofen an hour before and every four hours for the next 48 hours. The hour after insertion was uncomfortable, but I was functioning. Been perfect ever since. Each woman is different- so do give it a try if you 're interested. Not a walk in the park, but I hope the slight pain is worth it! And if it isn 't, it was so short, I won 't regret giving it a chance.
After reading all the horror stories I wanted to cancel procedure so thought I 'd share my experience. Honestly NOT THAT BAD! Took as directed, added nothing for flavor. Tasted very salty, just a swig of Apple juice after each 8oz dose, every 15 mins. Had no side effects. No bloating. No gas pains. No discomfort. Had only broth on prep day. Had only a chicken omelet afternoon prior to prep. No cramping with bowel movements. Procedure was a breeze, without the &quot;wind&quot;. Hope this helps ease someone 's anxiety.
As well as having Borderline Personality Disorder, I have had severe post-partum depression. I have found Zoloft to be very helpful regulating my moods, and keeping the demons at bay. Happy Trails.
On my third day with Levaquin. Only problem that I am having is insomnia.  Tired during the day, completely awake at night. Cough is pretty much gone.  I feel great, just need to go to bed.
I started using Levora after stopping Yasmin. I 'm starting my third Levora pack next week and so far my experience with Levora has been great! No headaches, no nausea, no feeling physically weak or overly emotional. My libido is really high and my breasts have gotten a little bigger. I did, however, have the food cravings as mentioned in other comments and it did make me gain a little weight but I notice that when I 'm taking the reminder pills I 'm a lot slimmer than when I 'm taking the active pills. I also have increased acne by very, very little, nothing that makes me complain or feel annoyed. I recommend Levora for anyone debating on it. It worked well for me!
Cleared up sinus and ear infection quickly with no side effects.
This is a miracle. Not only do I have irritable bowel syndrome, I also take narcotics for chronic pain, both of which will cause significant constipation. This medicine works great for both. My irritable bowel episodes that used to rule  my life have been reduced substantially since I started taking this, and the abdominal pain that used to accompany my IBS has been reduced as well. I was nervous taking it at first because it is a new medicine, but so far I haven 't had any problems with side effects.
Taking it since one month because of a reactive depression for over a year. I have never taken anti-depressants before and kept refusing although my psychologist urged me to for several months. When the depression kept getting darker: no energy, sad, bad insomnia and constant thoughts of suicide (which my psychologist didn 't know) I decided to take the advise to start on brintellix (was either that or kill myself). The first 4 days I was so tired I spent most of the time in bed . Then I just started to feel better and better. High energy level, creative, not sad, no mood swings, slept great at night and best of all the suicidal thoughts just disappeared . I started and stayed on 5 mg. No side effects at all, working night shift no problem!
I was prescribed 400mg x 2/day for 7 days. I 'm on day 4 and the fishy odour is completely gone which is AMAZING! The side effects I 'm experiencing are serious drowsiness and had a bit of nausea for the first 2 days. I will overlook the side effects because the drug has been so effective and really helped me. Kinda sucks to not be able to drink alcohol too but it 's just for 7 days so I 'll live. I feel human again!
This is my second week of Xenical and I have had no side effects at all. I am sticking to weight watchers pro points diet and going to gym three times a week. I have not weighed myself yet but I can feel the difference in my clothes already. Looking to my next weigh in. My start weight was 14st 3lbs.
I have been taking 18MCG caps evey morning for almost sixteen (16!) years.It, alondgwith 4 inhalations of 160/4.5 Symbicort, 2 w/the S. in morning, twoin evening ,have helped manage my mid-level empysema all that time.Emphysema can and does kill, of course; and it does really not improve much if at all; quite the contrary. But my physicians and my personal discipline (rare, usually!) have helped me do rather nicely into my 86th year.(Cost depends on where I am in MedC Part D. $45/mo until donut hole, then closer to $250/mo.
I am a person who worries about adverse side effects and almost passed on taking this drug based on reviews. Sure glad that I did not.  In 1-day with a 5mg tablet, my blood pressure readings went from an average of 150-160 over 90-110, to 128/82 with a pulse rate of 72.  I 've experienced a slight dizziness and cough, which might actually be seasonal allergies as they were present before I began taking this drug.
I have been taking this pill for 4 years now and never had a problem with it. I read that some people were getting bigger breasts and so wish I was. I have not had a single side effect from this pill. Periods are light and only last 2-3 days.
Excellent medication for bipolar disorder although I had a reaction to it.
I get cold sores once or twice a year, and Abreva has made them less noticeable and has shortened their length significantly. You have to catch them the first day though, or it makes little difference. It skips the blistering stage entirely - it goes from a tingle to having already crusted over.
I started this as a suggestion from my pharmacist since my psych NP was not finding ANYTHING to work for my childhood nightmares. Thank God for that angel pharmacist and Thank God for this medication. Not one nightmare to feel weird about the whole next day and ruin my day! I have taken now for about a month. Yesterday I tested it out and skipped a dose to see what would happen and sure enough a nightmare. I hope they never stop making this medication. I have had zero side effects!  I am so thrilled with this medicine and not sure why I had never heard of it before or why out of all of the doctors I have seen they have not suggested it? I am only on  1 mg which is what the lowest dose? It WORKS! Save yourself the trauma and try it :)
I am almost 25 years old and have been taking Yaz or Beyaz for the past 4 years. I was diagnosed with endometriosis when I was 14 and have tried various other birth controls with no relief of my endometriosis. When my doctor prescribed Yaz I was hesitant at first because of the commercials talking about blood clots but decided to try it anyway. Yaz and Beyaz have literally been life savers for me. I used to have cramps so bad I was unable to attend school or work. My periods would also be a full week long and heavy bleeding the entire time. Since getting on Yaz I do still have some cramping but it is manageable with midol. My periods are now 3 days long, with only one day that 's heavier. I don 't have any complaints!
I had ParaGard put in on March 28 of this year. It is now October and I could not be more pleased with this birth control. After deciding that I no longer wanted to use the pill, I tried other options such as the arm implant and the patch, neither of which worked for me because they made me fat, emotional, and took away my sex drive. ParaGard gave me really bad cramps and heavy periods for the first two months. After that my cramps went away completely and I have not had them again since then. My periods have gotten lighter and lighter until they are now back to my normal flow. My sex drive is also now higher than ever before. I would recommend this to anyone that can bear through the cramps for the first few months.
I have been taking this medication for 30 days; and it works.  I have actually slept through the night, at least once; without getting up to pee. Plus, no dry mouth side effects.No longer getting up 3-4 times a night to pee. Works great; but is expensive.
I have L4 &amp; L5 degenerated bone to bone with spurs and stenosis. Definitive nerve damage down both legs. Doctor started me on hydrocodone 10 mg x4 plus Soma 350mg x3/day. Put me on 20/1.2 Embeda for 4 months, then upped dose to 50/2.0 mg.  Very seldom do I take Vicodin or Soma anymore. I can actually work at my job as a fabricator/machinist with little or no pain and no drowsiness or getting angry. Kind of got my life back, and I can ride the Harley with no worry of long-trip pains.
I 'm 33 and married and I like many of you was very nervous about the Mirena.  I had been using the mini pill for almost 2 years because I was still nursing, but I was tired of taking pills so I decided the Mirena would be best long term because I do not want anymore children.  I have 2.  So about a month ago I got it.  The nurse gave me Motrin to help just in case, and let me tell you it 's the best thing I have ever done. I don 't know why I waited so long.  I felt uncomfortable during the measuring of my cervix, but other than that I felt nothing!  No cramping, no bleeding, no nothing.  When my cycle came a few weeks later, it was lighter and lasted about 5 days longer.  So I say give it a try.  Right now I am very satisfied.
I 've had the Mirena for about two months and I couldn 't be happier. Insertion was painful, but it only lasted a couple of minutes. No side effects, no babies!
After struggling with high anxiety and panic attacks for a few months, I developed insomnia, which was another stressor. I didn 't want to try Ambien, so my doctor suggested hydroxyzine (Atarax). I was reluctant, but finally tried it after another month of not sleeping well. It worked! I take 12.5mg or 25mg (low dose, though I am sensitive to meds). I now take it every other night for sleep. I take it about 7pm (don&rsquo;t drive) and I&rsquo;m out by 9 or 9:30 and wake at 5 (my normal wake-up time). I would give it a 10, but it does leave you with a hangover fuzzy feeling in the morning (that clears by lunch). To me, the hangover is worth the SLEEP. I also take a low dose of Ativan during the day, plus B-vitamins, Vitamin C, fish oil and magnesium.
Taken Linzess (145mg) for about 7 months now.  I think what people need to know is that you can experiment with the dosing of it.  My doctor prescribed it for me because I 've suffered with IBS-C since my early 20s -17ys.  Like others, it caused a lot of loose stool at first, but it does get better.  I also found that if I took it every day after the initial adjustment period, it stopped working as well, so I backed off and starting taking it every 3 days.  My body doesn 't get too used to it, so it is still routinely effective without having to go to a higher dose.  Also, sometimes I have bowel movements normally between doses, sometimes I don 't.  The magic of this is that I don 't have to freak out about it now and I don 't get bloated.
I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy when I was 17 and still in high school. That was about 14 years ago. Out of those 14 years, ten of them have been spent on Provigil. It has obviously worked for me. I take 200mg 3 x a day - One in the morning and two at lunchtime. I haven 't had any side effects, other than not being ready for bed at night but that could be me just not wanting to go to bed. All in all Provigil keeps me awake and functioning. Oh, I do agree with everyone about the cost - it 's not cheap.
Effexor XR really has been working wonders on my life. It has relieved me of a lot of my depression while still giving me my energy, unlike SSRIs. If weight gain is a problem for you and you have depression, definitely try an SNRI first. As you may or may not know, Wellbutrin is another antidepressant that is supposed to encourage weight loss while relieving depression. It affects norepinephrine and dopamine. I tried Wellbutrin awhile ago, and failed miserably on it due to the anxiety it brought on. Therefore, I was hesitant at first because I heard that Effexor XR affects norepinephrine as well. However, it has been completely the opposite. I have gone from constantly laying in bed all day long to wanting to get up and exercise.
I use Vanoxide after I have been around animals such as visiting dogs or cats....it must be an allergy to animals that give me occasional acne like issues. It stops the small breakout that doesn 't go away. My face doesn 't itch and feels good.
I have Bipolar I disorder along with PTSD and ADHD. I am a rapid cycler which means im all over the place and I need to have a strict medication schedule in order to remain stable. Being on any stimulant medications, like even a steroid for inflammation, can make me manic. After spending years trying to stabilize my condition I faced with a choice: either drop out of college bc I couldnt keep up or risk going manic by trying an ADHD med. It took months for my doctor to agree to give me something, anything, for my ADHD because the risks were too high, but she finally did. In February she prescribed Quillivant XR because it had seemed to work with other Bipolar patients. Since then everything has changed. My mind works. My brain works finally
I am so happy to have found a medication that prevents migraines, lowers my blood pressure and curbs anxiety. I was having 20 to 25 migraine days a month. So far I 've only had two mild headaches that were easily treated with two ibuprofen. I feel like I have my life back. I highly recommend it.
I 'm age 52, it was my first colonoscopy and I was nervous. There is a slight stinging sensation at the IV site when they first start the med (not bad at all). The anesthesiologist said &quot;good night&quot; and I was OUT. I didn 't hear or know anything until I opened my eyes in recovery and asked if we 'd started yet. Within 20 minutes I was dressed and seated in a recliner reviewing my results with my doctor. A wonderful drug that quickly exits the system. Highly recommended.
This is my third week on Belviq and I 'm happy to say I am down 9 pounds.  My goal is to loss 10 pounds the first month to justify spending another $263.  Looks like I will be able to purchase another month 's supply.  Got 20 pounds to go.
A very effective pain medicine compared to what is out there.
This is my first birth control I have ever taken. I am 28. I am on it due to severe Endometriosis. I am on my 4th pack in the first week in. My periods went from having severe bleeding with large clots, and mucus for 8 days, to now having lighter period with few clots for 5-6 days. I noticed the first packet I was nauseous. I don 't have much of an appetite, and I haven 't gained weight in fact it helped the severe bloating I had. My hormones before were horrible I was severely depressed, and cried every night. Now I don 't cry and am more happy. I noticed my breasts are tender everyday though more so when I have my period. I still get a little moody on my period, but it is manageable. It also helped my pelvic pain a bit from the Endometriosis
Recently diagnosed with D Fragilis, had IBS-like symptoms for 20 years.  Took medication twice, 6 months apart.  First time did not clear parasite and symptoms returned a week after finishing medication.  Second time, now free of IBS-like symptoms 2 weeks after finishing medication.
Had tried Advair and one other inhaler and didn 't do anything. Was using albuterol when needed (2-3 times a day). Doctor put me on Symbicort and had immediate relief. Only take 2 puffs in the morning and set for the day. No side effects yet (4 weeks).  Hopefully it will continue to work on my COPD.  
I 'm 32 weeks 5 days pregnant. Was admitted into maternity yesterday after throwing up every few minutes all yesterday morning. They have me fluids and Gravol but that only made me drowsy, and did nothing for the throwing up so they decided to give me the Zofran. It started working as soon as it was into my body. It 's was quick and very effective!
I was diagnosed with ADD about ten years ago. I was prescribed Concerta by my doctor and it wasn 't an easy transition. I got tons of work done and all, but it killed my apetite during lunch hours and as a result I lost weight. As time went on I got more used to the medication and I 've since regained my weight (for the most part, I 've still got a high metabolism and as a result gaining any kind of weight is difficult for me) and can still focus on my schoolwork. Part of this can be attributed to getting older and all, but I think the medication has certainly helped. For reference, I 'm a 6 ft tall guy who weighs around 125 lbs.
I got Nexplanon about 6 months ago and so far it has worked great for me. When I first got it I had a little bit of spotting, but after a while it went away and now I don 't get anything at all. I haven 't had any mood changes like some people have on the implant, and I have noticed no change in weight, in fact it has gone down a bit. Overall, I am very happy with it. I was a little worried before I got it because it seemed like a lot of people had issues with it, but I haven 't experienced anything like that. I will say that I think that 's because I had a very normal, manageable cycle with no hormonal problems before getting it, and I think that if you are someone who does have a lot of issues with your period/hormones it may not work well.
I have been on Aviane for three months. I needed something to help me lose/maintain my weight after being on the Depo-provera shot (gained 20lbs). I 've lost 10 lbs, only 10 more to go! My mood swings are SO much better--the Depo made me a demon, while Aviane only makes me slightly weepy right before my period. I give it a 9/10, only because it makes me a little bit dizzy about half an hour after I take it. Other than that, my breasts increased in size (which I really did NOT need, but my husband loves it), my waist has decreased in size, I am happy again and my face is completely clear! I love Aviane and would definitely recommend it to anyone!
Nucynta ER has worked wonderful for pain relief for me. It does keep me up if taken at bedtime though. You can find a coupon on line to keep your monthly costs down.
Ive been having the Mirena inserted every few years for 22 years now, no issues no problems, pinch when inserted, ache when taken out. I swear by it!
After recovery from prostate cancer 8 mos. ago, I began experiencing panic attacks &amp; General Anxiety Disorder. I have tried 3 different therapists (psychobabblers), and 4 diff SSRI 's, all to no avail. The only effective treatment that resolved my difficulties was Ativan. My prescription is 1 mg up to 3 times a day as needed. 1 mg per day works 90% of time. It 's rare that I need 2, and never 3. Without it I 'd be looking for the highest bridge. 
I have been taking Symbyax for 2 years. It saved my life! The biggest problems I have are no energy, weight gain, and the cost. Would I quit taking it? NO!
I have fybromyalgia, have been in pain for over 15 yrs before they had a name for it.  My doctor prescribed this medicine for me in nasal form. I only use it when pain is intolerable. There have been times when I have even allowed it to be expired because of non-use.  It is a great medication but you must use it with care.
This pill does what they say it will. Started out at 185lbs now 1yr later 140 and still losing.
So it 'should been about a year since I 've had my Skyla inserted. I did have some major cramps the day of insertion,but since then A BREEZE!!! I did not have to have any adjustmentsuggestions since the intial insertion. No complications that I am aware. My period last have been predictable, regular, and even shorter (dare I say). Loving it!!! Also, since it was consider preventative medication it forwas FREE ...thank you PRESIDENT OBAMA!!
I 'm a 56 year old female. I started experiencing hair loss about 2 years ago, due to Alopecia. When it go to the point that I was wearing either a wig or a hat every day to hide my hair loss I decided to go to the doctor. So 3 months ago the doctor, she put me on Spironolactone, 100mg once daily and also Rogaine 5%. I 've done them both faithfully every day. To make a long story short, today I have a full head of hair. Just returned from the doctor and she was amazed at how fast it worked on me. I 'm sold on it now!
I was not the really type of girl who 'd sacrifice food to lose weight so I tried to taking Xenical because I 've heard that it really is effective. I used to be 176 pounds, but after 2 weeks of taking Xenical, I am now weighing 158 pounds. So 18 pounds with no effort of giving up my cravings. The side effects doesn 't bother me much because it always doesn 't come at  the wrong time. 
I have had acne since I was 11 and I 'm 18 now. I tried everything, including Proactive and Acutane. Nothing seemed to work and even when my acne got better I still had post acne red marks. I started Epiduo about 2 weeks ago and already have seen amazing results. No new acne has come in and I 've coupled it with a Neutrogena alcohol free toner to tackle the red marks. My skin looks better everyday even though the marks aren 't completely gone yet. My skin has not been dry but I still use Cetaphil Sensitive Skin Lotion every night to keep it moisturized.
After some scary bouts of angina the Dr. put me on Ranexa.  I am really impressed what i can work hard at age  74 minus the chest pains.  I was pleasantly surprised when my A1c dropped significantly. I have had some problems that I am not sure if they are side effects.  Serious swelling of my feet and ankles, increase in neuropathic pain in my feet and toes and wrists.  Weight gain that I can 't explain and bloating of abdomen. I will contact the cardiologist to see if the dosage can be less than 500 mg twice a day.
I 've been on this pill for several weeks now after trying to find the right pill for two years. It 's the first pill I feel normal on. I 've gained 3 pounds but the scale is starting to go back down now so maybe it was just water retention, although I have not felt bloated at all, which is great! I 'm not moody and feel more even-keel. I haven 't had period issues or unpredictability. I just feel completely normal and as for now I 'm very happy with this pill.
Elmiron has changed my life. I knew immediately that it was helping with my symptoms of urgency and bladder pain. It is a little pricey but I don 't even care. Living with IC can be miserable and elmiron makes it possible to feel good again!!
I was given IV pentothal for anesthesia. It induced very euphoric feelings immediately afterwards with visual and auditory hallucinations. I had a fun dream without any awareness of the operation occurring. I woke up a bit groggy and felt fine for the rest of the day.
I just got Implanon a couple of days ago. So far so good! I was super bloated yesterday but that 's it. This is a super low hormone birth control method which I love. The pill made me sick, I was hungry all the time. Then I got on the IUD and that thing HURT for two weeks after it was put in, it made sex HURT, and it made me have really heavy periods. I am looking forward to not feeling sick and craving food all the time. I would highly recommend this birth control to everyone.
So far so good. I switched from escitalopram (Lexapro) to this to save money. I switched immediately, with no tapering off one drug to get on the next, and there were no problems. The effects are similar so far. I feel calmer, more focused, less irritable/agitated. I have a little bit of brain fog but nothing that keeps me from doing what I need to do. Hope it keeps working!
I find Ritalin allows me to focus. With my ADD and bipolar I couldn 't even read a book. My doctor says though its a stimulant, Ritalin tends not to push bipolars into mania. I was self medicating my ADD with caffeine which made me anxious so I 'm glad the Ritalin replaces that. I 'm on a low dose now and hope to increase to where the positive effects last longer, as they are short lived now.
I was originally prescribed 0.5 mg of Klonopin once a day with Zoloft 50mg once a day. It worked for a while but stopped and soon after, my doctor prescribed me to Klonopin 1mg once a day and Zoloft 100mg once a day.. After just three days I felt amazing results and like a changed person. No more stress, anxiety, panic or depression. Wonderful medicine to take. Just remember to meditate, walk, and stay outdoors to also help. You 've got to also help yourself without relying on the medicines but they still work.
With what our government has done, with taking away other drugs, and making others harderto get, Fentanyl (for me) at least seems safe and last long enuff to be pain-free till the next dose!
I use this Flonase and Claritn to keep my allergies in check.  All three are essential in my regimen.  Without it I am miserable.  I have absolutely no side effects.
This is a terrible drug! Yea it works but are you kidding me, I felt like I was going to die. I took this when I woke up around 730am and then 9:35am hits and my stomach starts hurting so bad, then 20 minutes later it really starts hurting.. So bad I start thinking to myself &quot;am I giving birth?&quot;, Is this really happening to me? I wanted to die, I really wanted to die. I ran to and from the bathroom from 9:30am to around 12pm. I finally went and it was a lot. The whole time I went through the terrible stomach pains I was praying and having other people pray for me. I urge you to not take this medication there is something seriously wrong with it, ITS NOT WORTH IT. I am serious, please try to take something else. This medication is not good!!
I have tried every sleeping pill on the market.  I was on dalmane first when I was a kid.  When I was sixteen, I was in the hospital, the nurse gave me a restoril and told me I 'll love it there 's no hangover in the morning, and she was right.  Knocked me out as good as dalmane, but there was no next day effect like dalmane did, and dalmane was so potent, there could be a fire and I wouldn 't wake up.  Restoril is not that potent, but it is very good.  I 've taken it for many, many years, beginning 1984 the first time, then I went on halcion, but I really thought restoril was better, after sleepwalking on ambien in 1995 I only went on halcion or restoril for my insomnia.  I have severe insomnia
I have back pain as I hurt it while doing exercise. Dr. recommended this Oruvail 200 mg. It really helped my pain and inflammation has gone in 3 days. And I am almost back to normal.
I began taking Contrave almost 9 months ago.  I am 5 ' 4&quot; and started at 175 lbs.  I got on the scale this morning (I rarely do now to avoid obsessing) and now weigh 144 lbs.  This is a big deal for me, I have tried EVERYTHING and nothing worked.  The first month was absolute hell but if you push through it will work.  My appetite is less and I feel full much faster.  The Contrave controls my eating as I clearly cannot.  I go from hungry to beyond full very quickly and it lasts!  Crucial.  Good luck all.
I have suffered RLS since about 5 years of age.  Now 78.  Nothing would stop it - neurologists tried all usual medication, permoglide, rivotril, etc.  Then saw new GP in 60 's who also suffered badly and he had in desperation tried oxycontin with great relief.  Suggested I tried one 10 mg tablet before going to bed or when travelling as passenger in car - this was intolerable.Found tablet worked like magic and although reliant on it still take same 10 mg but one tablet first thing in morning and one prior to going to bed - about 1 hour before.  Found it does not always work at night so I can be up until 3 am walking the floor nearly going insane as pain in legs is so bad.  However, 90% of time I do get incredible benefit.
I have been taking Provigil 200mg x 2 for 3 yrs. I don 't doze off while driving like I used to which is wonderful. I do still get very sleepy in the afternoon and I have a lot of fatigue. The major downfall to Provigil is the cost. I lost my job due to a lay off and no longer have insurance. My prescription without insurance is over $800 per month. Needless to say I will no longer be able to take it once I use all of what I have. Not looking forward to that at all. My doctor also prescribed Ritalin to take in the afternoons but it just makes me jittery for about 15 minutes and that 's pretty much all it does for me.
Good
Started yesterday. Not only am I calmer but it was first night without nightmares and flash backs from Iraq. No waking up in a puddle if sweat, was up only 1 time to pee and easily fell back asleep. It helps with my breathing and calmness during the day also. Hope it stays this way. Been too long since I had good sleep with out being haunted at night while sleeping.
A prev smoker,I started on Advair 500 twice daily in 2010 after almost dying from being unable to breathe at all. After no serious improvement &amp; being unable to hardly walk, I went on spiriva in April this year..Almost immed results..a HOME RUN!!! I now can walk at fairly good pace &amp; for reasonable distance.I also continue on with Advair 500 morning/night..Finally, I am living almost normal life...and NO EFFECTS!!
I 've found that Nucynta (Palexia in Europe) has been a great for me.  I 've had lumbar pain on and off for 35 years.  For the last seven years it 's been chronic, sometimes incapacitating.  I was on the hydrocodone ladder (5, 7.5, 10), (x4, x6, x8,  per day) until a doctor where I work said &quot;Whoa!  That 's way too much Acetaminophen.  It 's dangerous.&quot;  He prescribed Tramadol.  It helped somewhat - and had an upper limit (for me) of about 300mg/day before nausea set in.  A year and a half ago he suggested I try Palexia (the trade name in Europe).  What a difference it made!  Some tolerance (not much) and no dependence I can discern, nothing like the &quot;codones&quot;.  Easy to lay off it whenever.  For me it 's great!
I have GAD, tried celexa, worked for a while, mental fog. I then tried Lexapro which worked but I decided to try Cymbalta for its chronic low back pain effectiveness. I have a bulged disc, arthritis from homecare for many years. I will not even consider Narcotics for pain... Cymbalta has been a life saver, I too have dry mouth night sweats, increased weight of 10lbs. But I feel calmer, I started off on 30 mg for 2 wks the increased the dose per my HCP.  I can tell when I don 't take it. Chronic low back pain, dizziness as well and  anxiety symptoms return... I am a nurse and I hate taking medicine but this is one medicine I don 't mind taking. The benefits out weigh the everything else.
Clean-out went much better than expected. Taste was better than I feared. If you like to drink water, like I do, it was no big deal. I swallowed 80 oz in half an hour.
Hey guys checking in again. So when I started I was 198 and now I weigh 145 !!!!This pill is simply amazing!! I&rsquo;m closer to my goal weight which is 130!If you&rsquo;ve been reading my previous reviews you&rsquo;ll know everything!!! I still have the blurry vision but that&rsquo;s it. And it comes and goes now. Also. I skip the pill some days, so that I can see if I can eat good without it. And I do well. Bcuz I&rsquo;m a min I won&rsquo;t qualify to take it anymore. So if you&rsquo;re having doubts. I say DONT doubt!! Take it and watch the weight FALL!!!! I&rsquo;ll check back in when I&rsquo;m off it guys :)
I 'm 20 years old, and I had severe cystic acne after my dermatologist gave me trentinoin. It was so bad but I switched to another dermatologist because of my insurance and she gave me Aczone and Ziana with Solodyn pills. My skin is so clear and soft, it 's unbelievable. I only have some dryness around my mouth, but besides that my skin is the best it 's ever been and I never thought I 'd ever be writing a review about something actually working.
This medicine has helped me overcome my addiction to alcohol.  I was self medicating for years not knowing I had underlying anxiety and depression.  Now that I am taking this combined with regular AA meetings, I no longer have any desire to drink alcohol.  It 's been a miracle and I am starting to become the person I once was.
I use the pediatric syrup. One teaspoon at night. 2.5mg. It 's the best thing I 've found. 
I take prior to dental appointments. I have never had a reaction or negative symptoms.
I have have had far fewer Asthma attacks and allergies since being on Xolair injections every 2 wks and have become a lot less dependent on my rescue inhaler. I 've on this medicine for at least 4 yrs and have had no adverse effects and I highly recommend it...it has changed my life.
It seems equal to other insulin products with the exception of the delivery system. The pen they use is junk. I 'll go further, it is hazardous. The more I use it the more pens I find that jam up. Their little rubber part gets deformed and stops going down. When it stops you apply more pressure and the needle wiggles and actually tears your skin. Sometimes when you pull the pen out it will release and squirt the insulin out into the air. The problem has been ongoing across numerous pens and numerous lots. It is a design flaw or manufacturing defect.
I take 100 mg of Ultram as soon as I get up in the morning.  It really does help in a prophylactic way.  If I don 't take it for some reason, I can tell within a couple of hours because my nerves start tingling.  I also take 100 mg later on during the day, and I have found Ultram to be the best help that I can take on a regular basis.
I take the med for neck and back spasms... It works for me. The doctor prescribed it for 3xs a day.  I definitely am glad he put me on it.  Wonder drug
Zoloft is a fantastic AD. It gave me motivation and helped me get back out there into my life. It didn 't work that well for anxiety, but your mileage may vary. Even switching up as little as 50mg would bring back the &quot;punch&quot; if it &quot;pooped out.&quot; Highly recommend.
I have experienced chronic anxiety, panic attacks, and depression for 20+ years. I 've been on several different medications over the years, but none of them worked entirely. My depression increased over the years, because I believed, nothing could help my problems. I was admitted to a psychiatric unit recently due to suicidal ideations. The attending doctor said he would like to start me on Effexor. I would not allow myself to read the side effects of this medicine, due to my anxiety and the possibility of developing psychosomatic symptoms. Within a week, I began feeling hope, excitement for life, and my anxiety was nearly gone! I 've been on this medicine now for over a month, and I have never felt this good my entire life! Try this Med!!!
Wonderful medication dropped 80lbs in 5 months couldn 't ask for anything better went from 230 to 150 only 20 more lbs to go!!
I was having trouble even functioning due to the spasms and chest pain I was experiencing.  I experienced immediate relief when prescribed Ranexa.  I can not describe the change I have experienced in quality of life.  I had a heart attack five years ago at the age of 34 from a spasm that went out of control.  I don 't want that again!  The spasms are much more controlled now, and I hardly ever have one that requires Nitro.
I was completely non-functional as a result of persistent nausea (which seemed to be somewhat stress-related).  A combination of therapy with Ativan, Phenergan and Reglan has allowed me to resume somewhat of a normal life.
I 'm a 30 yr old male.  I was on Zoloft for 5 years (gained 40lbs, couldn 't ejaculate) then Cymbalta (nasty side effects). For a couple months My Psych doctor let me try Pristiq.  I loved it. I had/have awful anxiety and panic attacks with depression. (My anxiety is because of my depression). This medicine worked quick and I 'm now in my 7th month at 50mg once a day.  The last week, it seemed to dwindle down a little (not sure why?), as my depression and anxiety started coming back.  My same doctor just upped my dosage to 100mg a day.  I 'm hoping it wont let me down! I have to say that Pristiq is the best of 3 anti-depressants/anxiety medicines I have tried. Thanks all and good luck.
I dont leave home without Relpax!
My experience with abilify has been great because I no longer have schizophrenia or psychosis. I have been on this medicatiom since 2008 and I have never had any side effects at all, which is brilliant! I also feel so much better since I was diagnosed, like I am a new person.
It made me feel sick the 1st month at 1.2mg , queasy stomach, not too bad diarrhea, if there is such a thing as good? The biggest thing I noticed was food did not appeal to me at all. I just did not feel like eating anything.  And when I did eat something, I felt full on a few bites. This after about 2 months lead to a 36 lb weight drop and an A1c that went from 7.3 to an A1c of 5.6. I have been on it now for 6 months but no more weight loss or gain. 12hr Fasting Glucose is showing from 75-88.  I never see levels above the 120 's after meals, even sweets. I think the problem with Victoza is that it works almost too good! I think some people will go off their diets or cheat a lot more because they have such low A1c 's.
Had on going conjunctivitis due to allergic reaction to dust at work. Tried another eye drop for 10 days , then 3 weeks later used an eye cream for about a week. Neither products worked. Then about another a week later when conjunctivitis came back I started using these drops:).  Have been using for a month with follow up visits &amp; gradual reduction of drops used. My eyes are feeling great. I 'm also using an essential oil based cleaner (thieves from Young living essential oils) to clean my work space daily. I 'm also using the antibacterial &amp; antifungal essential  oil on my hands daily. The combination of all these things have greatly improved my eye health!!
Hi. This is week 8 on Phentermine 30mg. I have lost 37lbs. Last doctor visit is 9/22 and that will be 3rd and final refill!SW 274CW 237GW 200#AndJourneyContinues
First medicine in years that has seemed to help depression without causing mania.
56 YEAR OLD MALE. I HAD SEVERAL HORRENDOUS GOUT ATTACKS IN MY EARLY 50 'S. ONE KEPT ME OFF MY FEET FOR A WEEK. SHORTLY AFTER THIS BAD ATTACK I WAS DIAGNOSED WITH GOUT AND STARTED ON 300mg  ALLOPURINOL  DAILY. I HAVE BEEN GOUT AND SYMPTOM FREE AND NO DISCERNIBLE SIDE EFFECTS SINCE TAKING THIS FOR THE LAST 4-5 YEARS.
My son was born with asthma as was I.  When he was 9 years old he had a major asthma attack that sent him into cardiac arrest. ONE puff on a Primatene Mist inhaler saved his life.  ALL the prescribed medicines he was taking DID NOTHING FOR HIM. I have been wheezing for 2 months now AND was hospitalized last month for the first time in over 30 years due to my asthma because I couldn 't get the Primatene Mist inhaler.  
I was taking Bactrim DS prior to spironolactone (50mg 2x/day) and clindamycin from November to April, but I started to build resistance around March and I waited until it just stopped working. I recently went to my dermatologist about a week ago and from the large painful cysts all around my mouth and chin he told the PA and myself to prescribe me spironolactone as it is hormonal. I wish I had gone on this sooner! The persistent cysts are shrinking and drying! I had an initial breakout (still have a little) but I am keeping a positive attitude which helps a ton. This will be the medicine that cures my acne of 9 years, I just know it. I 'm glad my dermatologist stopped talking about Accutane with me, this is a much safer alternative if you have persistent hormonal acne.
Dealing with chronic pain is never easy. I 've tried Mobic but it led to stomach bleeding. I 've tried vicoprofen but it made me swell and ache even more. Have used Vicodin but of course tolerance resulted. I now find that Lortab and Lorcet work great. I only need to take 2 a day for real relief. The only other combination I used that worked was Vioxx once a day and Vicodin 2x a day. Wish they hadn 't taken Vioxx off the market.
I started smoking when I was 10 and started drinking when I was 15. I continued to smoke and drink and dope until I was 27 at which time I became a Christian and quit all three vices cold turkey. I believe I was able to do that because of my faith in the Lord. Due to a lot of pressures in my life, at age 34, I  returned to all three vices once again. At age 44, I returned to my faith and wanted to quit again, I was coughing and easily became short of breath. I was able to quit for short periods of time, smoking more than not. At 49 I relapsed again and was doing all three. Then on 11-11-11, I quit drinking and doping, and shortly thereafter I quit smoking with the help of nicotine patches and I 've been sober and smoke free ever since. 8-17
Honestly this cream is a MIRACLE! About 3 years ago my skin was full of spots and acne and i had blackhead all in my tzone and they never went. I went to my doctor as  I couldn 't stand looking in the mirror anymore. He gave me this and yes it gave me very bad painful red skin and peeling skin but after a few weeks it went but you could see a difference in my spots in a few days as my family was commenting on it. I did it for the 12 weeks and my face was COMPLETELY clear. I was so happy. Then after about a month it all came back so I went back to the doctors. He said I should try the cream again but for as long as I needed it for. I 'm still using it now and that was nearly a year ago. My face is clear and its because of this cream.
This medicine has saved me from living in pain with bladder spasms. I have taken it 3 times a day for 10+plus years. It took a few weeks to start helping me but over all these years it works for me. I thank God that there is a medicine that keeps me from hurting every single day due to bladder spasms. It really is unfair there isn 't a generic for this medicine after all it was on the market since 1996. I live with this condition for years without knowing why I was hurting like I had a UTI every month. Come on a make this drug cheaper and stop charging such ridiculously high prices. Shame on whoever is blocking this drug from becoming a generic.
Like others, I have had good success with Ultracet (Tramadol with Acetaminophen) for pain, GAD and depression. A few weaknesses are 50% of the time I get a small headache. I experience tiredness/fatigue in the morning and lastly, there is the loss of well being when the drug wears off. This is part of the &quot;dependency&quot; (not addiction) that the user has to beware of.But the drug takes the edge off pain, blows away depression for a bit and reduces anxiety. It 's a balance of taking it when I need to but not all the time. It works for me.
I had a hemorrhoid and was looking for something to ease the strain so I could give it time to heal. I was pretty desperate and ran across this product. I took 3 pills hoping it would work quickly. After I took the three pills I ran across this site and began to stress out with all the bad reviews. It was to late at this point and I prepared for the bad side effects, although I did take the advice of many here and drank a ton of water the first few hours. At about hour six, eight, and ten, it sent me to the bathroom. I had no side effects at all. No cramps other than nature telling me time to go, and then cramps gone as soon as I used the bathroom. I believe plenty of water is the key
I was a heavy smoker and smoked for about 15 years. I loved my cigarettes! I didn 't really want to quit but I 'm not getting any younger so I decided to try again. I had tried before cold turkey and it was a joke. I am about to start my 3rd pill pack now and I CANNOT believe that my urges are almost completely gone! I don 't even WANT one-I know- sounds unbelievable. My side effects were: awesome and terrifying dreams, BAD nausea (helps to take after eating), thirst and followed by a little depression. But that 's all done now and I 'm on way to being a nonsmoker!  I highly recommend it- just stick it through- it 's really not that bad- especially when it 's done and over. This really works!
Diagnosed 2010 (age 24), monthly flares for nearly a year. Luckily after every relapse I bounced back to normal with no lasting symptoms however the constant hospitalization wrecked havoc with my life. Copaxone and Avonex didn 't work as well, JC negative so was put onto Tysabri 2 years ago without a single relapse. Back to pre-diagnosis feeling. Best medicine ever.
I was prescribed phenergan after having my wisdom teeth removed. When I got home, I immediately fell asleep (still under the influence of the anesthesia). Upon waking and attempting to stand, I began to heave and vomit profusely, but after laying back down and taking phenergan, my symptoms were gone nearly instantly. Would definitely recommend; phenergan was an important part of my recovery!
My epilepsy began when I was 7 years old and I 've always been treated with multiple drugs because seizures didn 't stop. I 've been using keppra for 3 weeks and haven 't had any seizures. I 'm so happy with this drug. The only side effect I 've felt is I get a bit sleepy after taking the pill. I surely recommend it.
Pain would cease within 15 minutes.
Nardil is an amazing drug. I honestly do not know where I would be without it. I wish more doctors would be willing to prescribe it to people.
I just started taking this medication 30mgs at bed time and it works great, but I also take 2mgs of Xanax in the morning and 2mgs at night so it really works well.
Read the reviews on here and I must say I was dreadfully worried, however I used the 1 day Maximum strength and I did NOT experience burning, itching or irritation. I guess every one is different. I feel soooo much better highly recommend!
I take 15 mg three times a day along with Ritalin 20 mg three times a day and I am so glad my Doc found this combo!!!! I 'm 36 and extremely overweight and I got the got up and go that I never had and the help to keep my mind on very important things and people in my life, like my kids!!
My doctor gave me this because I had bacterial vaginosis. Not even 12 hours in to my first dose, I got the metallic taste in my mouth, then severe stomach cramps and nausea. I 'm on day 5 and have had bouts of nausea throughout the course of my medication. My appetite has gone way, way down and I 'm SO tired! I literally will sleep 12 hours and then get up for 2 then go back to bed for another 4! Having trouble staying awake at work, but it is doing its job! 
I 've been taking antidepressants since 1999. I 've taken most every SSRI plus many others that never worked long. I have MDD &amp; GAD. I 've never taken any med that actually worked. Celexa lasted a/b 2 yrs. then stopped. I needed help earlier this year, admitted myself. My Dr played with my med regimen for a bit but there 's always trial &amp; error w/ these meds. He kept asking me a/b all these different meds to see if I tried before. I had. He finally told me a/b Nefazodone &amp; gave me it 's full hx. I got that weed &quot;high&quot; for a few days (inc. fatigue nausea blurred vision). Ithe went away after a week or 2 but I also explained to Dr the only word I could use for it was ecstasy. It made me feel so much better. No more side effects either!
I 'm surprised by the majority of people 's reactions to Nuvigil (though, it 's the only medication I 've tried so far). Before starting up with the medication I was exhausted to the point of feeling sick most of the time. After starting the medication it 's like night and day, I typically feel great. Some days are better than others, and I never feel 100%, but it 's the best I 've felt in years and it hasn 't fluctuated in two months I 've been taking it.
Protopic does the job. My intermittent atopic dermatitis affects small areas of my face along the nose, eyebrows, some hairline at eyebrow level, forehead, and patches on both sides of the chin. When redness shows up, light application of Protopic clears affected areas within 2 to 3 days without fail.
I had the Mirena inserted about 3 years ago, the doctor inserted under anethesia thus I had no pain. The first week I had alot of cramps with a little bit of bleeding. After the second week the cramps was gone and in the three years I had the Mirena I had no bleeding during my cycle. I will be removing it end of this year, as we will be trying for a baby. I will definitely be getting a second one again. Best thing ever!!
Awesome pain relief.
Tums worked great for me. When I take it I immediately feel better. It lasts for a long time too.
It 's well worth it to ask your doctor to prescribe 1gm daily Valtrex for recurring cold sores.  You can easily take from your daily prescribed to help immediately when you notice a cold sore start by then taking 1gm 3 times in 24 hours.  The prescription for 3 pills costs the same as 30 days so I recommend to talk to your doctor.
I 've only had the mirena for 2 weeks but so far the only side effects I 've notices are increased sex drive, increased energy (which were both low before) and DEcreased appetite. Wow... wasnt expecting those but I 'm extremely pleased and crossing my fingers it will stay this way. I 've had some minor cramping and spotting every couple of days but no big deal. I will say that the insertion was incredibly painful for me. I felt like I was about to faint it was so bad, but the doctor said it was because I my cervix has never been dilated before (no kids). I would advise anyone like me to not plan any other activities the for the day of, just in case. But overall I am super happy with this thing.
I have been on Diehtylpropion for exactly one month now.  When I was originally prescribed Diethylpropion I was a little disappointed because I have heard such great things about Phentermine. The doctor explained why Diehtylpropion was more suited for me because of my anxiety issues.  The first few days of taking it I did have elevated anxiety, but that ceased after about day 3.  My starting weight was 230lbs, 5 '7&quot; and exactly one month later I am at 214. I keep my calorie content under 900 and lift a half hour of weights every other day and use the eliptical every once in a while.  I have a desk job so I do not get any exercise at work.  My goal weight is 170lbs by May so I 'm 1/4 of the way there!
Alcohol withdrawal can COST YOUR LIFE!!!!! I have been in 4 detoxes in 8 months. I drink a gallon of sometimes more of vodka a day. One detox was in January for 7 days, one at the end of April for 3 days, one in June for 5 days and one in July for 5 days. Librium works wonders. The reason the days spent in detox depend on the AMA policy. DO NOT DO THIS ON YOUR OWN. I have had seizures, convulsions, hallucinations, dt 's its no joke Go to your doctor, tell her/ him what 's going on. I drank EXTREMELY heavy and I was prescribed 75 MG every four hours day 1, then 50MG every 4 hours day 2, then 25 MG every 4 hours day 3, then 25 MG every 8 hours day 4, then 25 MG before bed day 5. The only way to tackle alcohol withdrawal is with librium
I take this medication at 120mg for heart tachycardia. I went into ER with 165bpms 3 years ago and honestly I thought I was going to die. Uncontrolled blood pressure and anxiety and abuse of energy drinks. Please don 't be a victim of energy drinks like me. Well Doctor put me on this for the past 4 years and my palpitations have gone from every week to every 6 months excellent medication and also makes you relax.
I have taken this pill for 8 years. I am 23, 5 '1 110lbs. Have never experienced weight gain, and never had a pregnancy scare. I have always had clear skin and it stayed that way throughout the pill. I missed a couple pills last month and had spotting for a couple weeks. But I swear by this pill! Although, once in a while it did cause slight nausea and usually always low sex drive, as most others have agreed. Other than that I think it 's a great form of medication.
I am on a medicine the main side affect is constipation. So I take a stool softener daily. Last week I didn 't have any. So I tried to increase fiber but it didn 't work... I ended up going 10 days with out any type of bowel movement or even gas to speak of..  I got a bottle of cherry magnesium citrate drank the whole body fallowed by 12 Oz of water. And within 3 hours I finally got results. I had a small amount of stomach pain and I continued to go to the bathroom for the next 5 hours after I went the first time. I felt lighter and empty I recomend this it works. I will say I got the cherry it tasted like a cherry sweet tart.The taste kind of lingers but it was not to bad..
Smoked for 40 years. Thanks Chantix I have stopped.
I used several medications before my cardiologist prescribed Diovan.I have had wonderful results, no side effects of any type and would suggestDiovan to anyone needing their blood pressure controlled. I consider thismedication a miracle! It has been for me! I m 66 years old and have used it for7 years.
Stopped getting periods at age 45. Horrible hot flashes all day long, night sweats, dry skin, moodiness/depression/anxiety, painful intercourse, low libido. I was already using Prometrium, but it had stopped helping.Went to doctor to ask for estrogen. She Rxed compounded bioidentical estradiol and testosterone cream. The testosterone was to help offset the SHBG effects of estrogen to boost my low libido. I have used BHRT for almost a year now and it completely eliminated every symptom!! I will likely remain on it forever.
I have been on Topamax for about 6 months for Migraines.  I take 50mg per day.  I am written to take 25mg morning and night but I take it all at night, which works better for me.  I have not had a single migraine since starting Topamax therapy and  I find it helps to stabilize my mood in conjunction with Effexor XR.  I also have cyclothemia.  I have also lost 45 pounds with this medication.  I have not noticed horrible side effects with exception of some tingling in my lower extremities, but it is not that bad and far less worse than the migraines I once suffered on a weekly basis.  I am very pleased with Topamax.  I refused to take Depakote because of weight gain and its effect on the liver.
After abusing opiates/heroin for 8yrs I got on Suboxone. Since April of 2013 I 've tapered from 16mg/day to 1mg a day. I 've not relapsed. I 've gotten my kids back from state custody. I 've gotten a promotion at my job. Mostly, I 've got my life back.
Works great.
After not having a BM in a week due to opiates, I decided to take some Dulcolax to help out. Ive taken it twice before once was awful and once was pretty okay. Currently sitting on the toilet dying a slow Dulcolax death. Decided to look it up and stumbled across your guys ' experiences and it makes me feel better that it 's not just me lol. So, thank you guys. Sure as hell is effective but prepare yourself for one hell of a journey.
I have been taking 5mcg of Byetta for a month now. I have lost 19 pounds. I take it about 10 minutes before my meal in the noon and also in the evening. I feel great!!! I have begin to feel like Im not loosing as much, so I am going to ask my MD next week if she will raise me to 10mcg.....This has been a miracal drug to me!!! I also only eat low carbs, and dring water or diet drinks....Thanks Byetta!!!
Hi everyone! My name is Emily and I have had the implant for 4 months now. I have my period every month right on time but it is much lighter and there is no cramping. My doctor let me know that the implant is even safer then getting your tubes and you should not gain any weight from using this birth control. She told me the only thing people complain about is your period because it can come whenever or not at all. I haven 't experienced any weight gain or mood swings like I did on the pill. My sex drive is healthy as well. I recommend this birth control !
I tried this for my RSD/CRPS and it helped lower my baseline pain from a 7 to a 4 within 48 hours. I stopped taking it after 2 months to test it and the pain increased again within 3 days. It worked great for me, but no two RSD cases are alike. Good luck all in finding relief sooner rather than later.
I 'm currently doing the suprep for colonoscopy tomorrow.   First dose at 3pm was easy.   For some strange reason you do get cold, which is weird for me because I 'm NEVER cold.  I started the expelling of the bowel about 45 minutes after drinking the suprep.  Do have some belching, it 's not bothersome.  As others have said, if the taste bothers you, drink some of the suprep and have Something handy to immediately take the taste away.  I had a lime Popsicle ready to go so I would suck on that between gulps.  No problem.
I have always tended to dwell on things and make things more than they are for as long as I can remember. I am a 28 years old, young-professional who was laid off 4 months ago. Despite not being too distraught about being laid-off &quot;I thought&quot;, I began having panic episodes about 3-4 month where symptoms resembled a heart attack. After an ER and 2 Doctors visits, I was prescribed Lexapro. I started the treatment Monday night, and no lie was &quot;on cloud 9&quot; Tuesday morning all day and into Wednesday (today). I take 10mg once every other day! I have just taken my second dose and I am so much more at ease and this medicine is great for those with depressive and anxiety symptoms. Definite improvement in quality of life.
I used Ketoconazole over the counter strength.  The irritation subsided after a few applications and after a few months, my dandruff was gone.
Started having bad headaches for 2 weeks and realized blood pressure was high. I started taking Bystolic and headaches went away and I have no side effects. My BP is the best it 's ever been. I take 5mg daily and have been taking for 4 months
Can 't live without it! I have at least one migraine a month and this medication is always successful in bringing me relief. The side effect I experience is grogginess while it is taking effect, but once the medicine wears off, the fatigue is gone along with my migraine.
Just started on Victoza a couple of days ago. So far so good with my numbers. I really wanted to comment on the nausea and loss of appetite which pretty much happens within a day of taking the injection. I am on 1.2 for now. It isn 't unbearable just odd feeling. 
I used this for years and it helped with anxiety, sleep, depression. It caused initial weight gain but was worth it for relief. I stopped it on my own (not smart) because it made me sleep and I had to stay awake for care of my Dad. Now I wish I was back on it. I have been on tons of medicines to try to get stabilized again. Will be asking a doctor about it. It also helped with irritable bowel syndrome.
I think this drug is great. It makes me a little sleepy, but it works wonders for me.
2/21/17   I started 2/14/17  and I have experienced headaches, nausea  nothing that I can 't  handle. My weight  is effecting  my health where as I have terrible  back pains and asthma  so the side  effects don 't worry me. I have lost 6lbs taken these pills and card diet.  I am very pleased with results . My cravings  are controlled   and I am not at full dose yet, just taken 1 in morning &amp; I can not wait to see more results  for yall that left your reviews , were is the info on your weight  loss ?
I 'm not one to turn to medication for help, but when I got to the point where anxiety was eating me from the inside out I knew I could use help. I am taking Vyvanse 20 for my A.D.D and was prescribed 5mg of Buspar twice a day. I 'm very sensitive to medication so I wanted to start off low and I 've read many people feel like it 's a sugar pill because they feel nothing. I can tell you that this is not like Xanax. Usually around 6pm I start feeling anxious on everything that is to come. Cooking, college homework, my children, appointments and even taking showers gave me anxiety because I knew it needed to be done and I felt I didn 't have enough time. It 's an awful nauseating feeling for those of you who suffer from it. I felt 100% better...
I took lithium for bipolar for years. Lithium took the highs &amp; lows out leaving me with no personality at all. My Doctor changed my medicine to Lamictal &amp; I feel I 'm back to whatever normal is.
I have had insomnia my entire life beginning at age 12. I was prescribed Trazodone four years ago when Ambien no longer worked for me. I sleep like a baby. I fall asleep within 10-15 minutes and sleep through the night. I have not experienced any side effects.
I had a shot after several days of a UTI. It cleared the UTI quickly (in addition to oral antibiotics) but the lump at the shot site is still there! It 's been over a month and I can still feel the lump under my skin. Slightly painful to the touch.
I was on Celebrex for over two years as treatment for pain following a severe back injury. I am over 50 years old and Celebrex was very effective. I was referred to another doctor who replaced Celebrex with Tridural. Celebrex is my choice but I have to follow my doctor 's instructions.
I 've been taking Trintellix (that 's what it 's called in Canada) for 3 weeks and I can honestly say I am loving life again.  I 'm on 10 mg and I 've had slight nausea but if I took it with something to eat I was fine.  I was on Effexor for years and it suddenly stopped working.  I had to wean myself off of that to start Trintellix and I was at a really low point for a while but stick with this because you 'll start to feel the effects by 2 weeks.  My only concern is I can 't sleep so I take Imovane for that.
I 'm 33 years old with bad forehead acne that started in my early/mid 20s. I 've been to dermatologists for years and everything I try eventually fails and seems to actually get worse in the long run. Aczone has been awesome for me. It took about 3 weeks before it started working, but no side effects whatsoever. I 'm at about 2.5 months now and my skin hasn 't been this good for many years. I love it. My skin isn 't 100% perfect, but this is definitely the best thing I 've tried, and I 've tried a lot. Right now, this is all I 'm using.
I take 1mg/daily. So far it is very effective, I tend to be able to be more relaxed and can sleep with clear and peaceful thoughts where I used to be laying in bed 20 minutes thinking too much.  But seems not to do much for my social anxiety. Overall, pretty effective.
I have been taking Femara for almost two years now after my second surgery for estrogen receptive positive breast cancer with no lymph nodes involved. Sure there are multiple side effects, some pretty tough to deal with sometimes but I am 66 years young and I love living. Give it a GO and keep on living.
I have been prescribed this medication since 5/12/15. I weighed in at 204 lbs &amp; am expecting to weigh in at less than 150 lbs 11/23/15. I also take 1/2 a water pill first thing each morning, Bentyl every night &amp; B vitamin every other night. All prescribed by the doctor, dispensed at 28 days. In addition to this, I follow a 1000 calorie eating plan, &amp; do my best to move fast for 30 min each day. Self discipline is not easy, but paying for it holds me accountable. I have fibromyalgia, pancreatitis &amp; a vomiting condition that started when I was 9 yo. I also have had several times throughout this last 6 mo when my back was out &amp; I could hardly walk. I am thrilled with results &amp; only had dry mouth as side effect. Now to build muscle!!
I have used it since 1998. It is the only product that works for me ....now they discontinued the product and use respirmat. The drug does not work for me at all. I sure wish combivent was back.
I have been taking 3000 MG, 1500 twice a day, of non time released niacin for 8 years and have maintained my cholesterol levels at around 125-130 for that time. This is a drop of about 30 points for me. It was recommended by my doctor. He also gave me instructions on how to work up this dosing level over a 6 week period. I only have occasional flushing issues usually after missing a dose these are usually mild and last less than 5 mins.
Hiya, I 've been taking orlistat 120mg for 11 days. I 've lost 1st and 4lbs so far! I am off the scale obese so I needed to loose a chunk of weight in order for me to have the willpower to carry on. I have no more than 3g of fat in each meal, I take a multivitamin at night as directed. I feel great on it....just hope I manage to continue. I have had no major issues, no oily stools. Eating lots of fruit and veg and drinking loads of water. I still have my no Sugar fizzy pop and my cups of tea and coffee.
Been on phentermine 37.5mg for 2 weeks and I 'm down 16lbs. My fast food cravings are nonexistent, I almost have to remind myself to eat every day, I have the energy that I didn 't have to keep up with my 2yr old daughter. I 've tried any OTC supplements you can think of and had no luck. I go to the gym for an hour, 4-5 days a week and didn 't seem to get the extra weight off. This pill with a regiment of B12 and lipotropic injections gets the job done. As for negative effects... Only complaint is the cotton mouth. Other then that there is nothing bad to say. The energy high is amazing. Of course the B12 helps as well.
Pamine has been a God send for me. I changed gastroenterologists because for 5 1/2 years I suffered with not being able to eat a regular meal without problems.  I was thrown into &quot;dumping syndrome&quot; after I had my gallbladder taken out.  Avoiding liquids during a meal helped, but not much. With Pamine I can eat regular meals again and enjoy life again. I was borderline fecal incontinent, and stayed home much of the time.  This medicine combined with cholestyramine, has given me back my life...literally. The only drawback is some constipation, and then my new Dr. has told me to cut back the Pamine to 1 daily.  Thank goodness I changed Dr 's.
I used to wear a sweater every day over my shirts and the sweat stains would still show through.  4 years later I finally went to my doctor and was told to try drysol.  I used it a couple of times a week and saw immediate improvement.  After finishing one bottle of it, I never had to buy it again because it had completely solved my problem.  It has been 2 years since I first used drysol and I have been dry ever since.  If you want a permanent solution, I would strongly recommend this life changing product.
Okay... I had read horror stories about the IUD insertion process, so I agonized over whether or not I wanted to try other forms of birth control instead. I decided to go with Mirena anyway. I took Midol 4 hours and 1 hour before my appointment, and experienced little to no pain during or after insertion. The &quot;pain&quot; could be described as mild cramping at best. I have had very little bleeding and zero other side effects from insertion. I will check back in a few months with info about other potential side effects/effectiveness, but so far, so good. It seems like everyone is different, but if you can handle a week of PMS or period symptoms, you can probably handle the IUD insertion.
I switched from Prozac to Imipramine after reading extensively about how successful it was before the advent of SSRI 's.  I have had ZERO side effects and no drowsiness on 100mg of Imipramine, while Prozac made me manic and absolutely ruined my gastrointestinal tract.  I have been very happy with this medicine, best one I have taken so far for Major Depression.  It is also cheap.
I am a 47 year old man and have been on several medications for my schizoaffective disorder and depression.My last antidepressant was Efexxor XR which killed my sex drive for several years.I suggested my Pdoc to try Wellbutrin XL and I shall say that that my sexual life increased from 1 to 10.I am very pleased with this medication and would recommend it to anyone.
Indomethicin ER 75 mg extended release capsules have worked best for me.
Works great for me. Have been taking Cialis for almost two months now. You can relax knowing that you will be able to get rock hard erections and also be able to have sex multiple times on one dose. I take 20mg as needed. Usually about an hour or so to start feeling the effects. Like others have stated its a huge confidence booster. At age 37 I 'm having the best sex of my life. My girlfriend is enjoying it to!
Great great great product. Who ever invented this  should be eligible for all awards in this universe as the inventor making men active in 20 or 30 or 40 or 50 or 60 or 70..
I 've been on this for 15 years. Started out on .25mg daily, now I 'm at 1mg 4x daily. This truly does help tremendously, especially when,having a panic attack.Just please know that if you try and stop it, please see a Dr! You get really sick, I have never felt that bad in my life...I felt like I was dying. You need to properly tapered off. This medicine is great but also has serious mental and physical side effects, especially when used for long time periods.
After trying Zoloft and Lexapro, without any success and made my symptoms worse. Luvox helped me getting my life back, the best medicine. I feel MUCH more in control of my OCD. Excellent.. even when I feel sleepy sometimes as a side effect.. its worth it!
I 'm 24 yrs old. I was recently diagnosed with ADHD. So far I 've been on short-acting Ritalin, Adderall, Dexedrine and Vyvance. The whole works. Nothing ever worked well. I either had severe stomach aches and I would get so irritable it amazes me that my husband didn 't divorce me so far.I 've been on Concerta (36mg) for a short time and so far it has helped me a great deal. I can concentrate now and I 'm not even near as irritable. Simple things wont set me off anymore. Finally for the first time in my life I can relax, being able to sit down without shaking and feeling really uncomfortable. I don 't get the urge to constantly &quot;do something&quot;.
I was recently diagnosed with ADHD and I was first prescribed Concerta. Since Concerta is part instant release and part extended release it starts working extremely quick, within 15-30 minutes, which was nice because there was no need to time things out when taking the medication. Unfortunately, Concerta starts working immediately and also stops working immediately which for me led a horrific crash. I was irritable and angry after the medication wore off. Due to this my doctor switched me to Vyvanse. Vyvanse is a prodrug which means the actual drug inside the capsule is not therapeutically helpful until it gets broken down in the body. This allows for a nice steady come up and no crash when the medication is eventually excreted.
I love it! Been having nexplanon since september 2013 getting it removed next year and getting another for sure! I have been having mood swings here and there but nothing too severe. Great birth control in all
I get very sore, swollen, cyst like spots around my chin area, I would only get 2-3 at a time but they were so big &amp; sore! I used duac for a couple of years &amp; this worked, until a few months back when it became less effective. My doctor mentioned Yasmin &amp; thought I would give it a go despite it 's mixed reviews &amp; I am so glad I did! My skin has never looked so smooth on my face! I had one large spot a couple of weeks into using Yasmin (this was normal as I always got these at this time of month) however the spot was gone in a couple of days &amp; usually they would be angry &amp; sore for weeks! Since then, I have not had one cystic spot. I used to use microgynon 30 before I switched, &amp; other than better skin, I have had no other noticeable affects
This is the only blood pressure medicine that seems to work for me.  Minimal side effects.  
I take Skelaxin on occasion when my back has been stressed from excessive use, having 2 bulging discs.  When stressed, my back tenses and I have severe back pain.  One pill for about two days always relieves the pain and I get back to normal.  The only side effect I get is flushing of my face.
I just got my skyla IUD inserted today. My gyno said I had to be on my menstrual cycle in order to get the insertion. So about 30mins before my appointment I took 1000mg of a pain reliever, since I 've read many women do. However, my gyno did not recommend me to take anything. Anyways I was one of those girls looking up everything I could about skyla, reading good and also bad comments. I was nervous. Unfortunately I was not one of the lucky ones that didn 't feel anything. It hurt me, I had horrible cramps while I was getting it inserted. It did go very fast though, maybe 30-45seconds. It hurt but by the time I knew it, it was in â˜º after I had a sonogram to make sure it was in place (which is was). I 've been having mild cramps since.
Tried all of the diets and many of the supplements. Simple 5 '4 203 pounds six month later I have lost 38 pounds. This works and that has been my journey so far.
My dad had MLS and then evolved into Leukemia (AML). He had traditional chemotherapy but had severe complications. He is going into his 4th cycle of Vidaza and he is doing great. His blood cells counts are lower some days of the month but they recover almost to normal. He had trouble with platelets. At the start he had a lot of transfusions (by now he has almost had 200) but in the last months had been fewer, a lot fewer. And the doctor considers that Vidaza starts working after 6th cycle so his platelet count will increase. The doctor considered bone marrow transplant but he decided that since he is in total remission and doing well with Vidaza they will wait until 9th cycle and decide then. He has no side effects but a little fatigue.
It was night and day for me too. I don&rsquo;t have depression any more.
My experience has been a good one. I am on week two and I have lost 10 pounds. It has taken away all my cravings and I dont eat in between meals anymore. I have not had any of the side effects they talk about except for an ever so slight headache at times. I contributed that to caffeine withdrawal.  I have also stuck to eating healthy and cut out alcohol. This has definitely been a good change for me.
I was prescribed this only a few days ago because I generally only pass a bowel motion about once a week. My dosage is 20mls per day and I initially didn 't think it was working but it has most definitely kicked in now! I 've had heaps of flatulence since first taking it and now, 2hrs after my 3rd dose, I feel about 5 kilos lighter. Im so glad that I am not at work  because the smell of this first visit to the bathroom is absolutely revolting....(sorry for over sharing). It tastes sickly sweet but I 'm getting used to it.I think this product will actually change my life for the better.PS. I 'm in New Zealand where a lot of medication is funded by the government.
I started using Contrave 3 months ago.  I take one 12 hour extended release tab twice daily and I must say I have never witnessed results as quickly as I have with contrave.  My starting weight was 233.4 and in three months I&rsquo;m down  20.8 pounds to 212.4.  I weigh just about daily to get an accurate track of my weight loss or gain but I have noticed anywhere from a .4 to .8 weight loss per day with no exercise other than waking around inside the office and doing business.  The only other thing I did in addition to taking contrave is that I have cut out most carbs that I once ate way to much or like bread, beer, French fries, baked potatoes, white rice and my old favorite Thai food noodles.  After doing all of that I&rsquo;m steadily losing weight
My doctor gave me a trial pack of Belsomra 15 mg about 2 months ago. It worked wonderfully. I am now in my second 30 pack of Belsomra 15 mg. It has given me my life back. Now, I sleep like a regular person and wake up feeling refreshed. I track my sleep using the Microsoft Band and have found that I get enough &quot;restful&quot; (I 'm assuming this means REM), sleep every night. I want to note that Merck did not want to offer the very low doses of Belsomra as the medication does not work well if you take under 10 mg. My current dosage of 15 mg works great and I don 't wake up groggy. I consider Belsomra a true revolution in sleep medicines. By the way, Merck subsidizes the cost of Belsomra for the first year. Look for the coupon.
I was prescribed the medication after my gastric bypass surgery for psychotic episodes. I take it at bedtime. It has truly changed my life. If I miss one dose it is very noticeable. The only side effect is a weight gain of about 6 pounds every four months. But is definitely worth it.
No more withdrawal symptoms. Clonidine works when I 'm out of oxycodone. I can sleep and be normal like I 've never taken an opiate. 
I take Donnatal with Reglan 30 minutes before meals and at bedtime. It helps with the intestinal and stomach cramps! Plus it also helps with the diarrhea. It is a miracle drug and I am glad I asked my doctor about it plus the phenobarbital in the Donnatal helps my anxiety!
I am on day 3 of my cycle and of taking Lysteda. I take 2 pills 3x 's a day.  This is my first months use and I can say without doubt I will take Lysteda as long as my doctor will allow! I am usually homebound the first 3 days of my period as I have to have access to a bathroom every 15 minutes. Not to mention the horrendous pain from cramps. Lysteda started working within a half hour of taking first dose.  My flow was reduced by at least 60%. A couple of ibuprofen for light cramps and life was business as usual.  I was able to go out and not worry about excessive bleeding. After more than 30 years of being imprisoned by my cycle I finally can live life again! I am so happy I just want to shout it from the top of the world! 
I took Celexa a few years back for my chronic depression.  It didn 't make me feel so good so after 6 months I went off it, cold turkey, and dealt with the withdrawal symptoms of that drug (zaps!).  So when I got offered Paxil for my social anxiety and depression, and heard that there were withdrawal symptoms, I decided that if it helped, I 'd try it.  In just these few weeks, my friends and I have noticed a huge change.  No weight gain, more energy, upbeat and outgoing, smiley and laughing, and optimistic for the first time in...my life?  Only downfall I 've noticed so far is the crippling nausea and dizziness the first three days of taking the medicine. I feel fantastic now!
Excellent results in the first try; removing years of disappointments.  As a diabetic, the use of needles is not new but I was unsure of this location and possible errors.  It was easy, accurate and without side effects.
Out of all the medicines I 've tried Viibryd has been the only one to help me. Finally, after 15 years of struggling I feel &quot;normal&quot;.
Very well tolerated
They work very well
I 've been on Sronyx for about 2 years now and I love it. I trust this birth control and it has decreased my blood flow during my period. I used to have extremely heavy blood flow and extreme fatigue during my period. After I started Sronyx my period is light and I don 't cramp as bad as I used to. I did see a change in my mood but I have managed to control it and not display the moods that I feel.
Good medicine, effect is better.
I am a 50 yr old male who has suffered from migraines for nearly 40 yrs.  The toughest yrs (about 25 of them) consisted of migraines in excess of 300 days in any given yr.  Then I found Topamax and asked my Neurologist if we could give it a shot for me.  That was 6 yrs ago and now I have less than 50 headaches (not migraines), headaches in any given year.  My dose is 200mg in the morning and 200mg in the evening, and yes like most of you I have had to deal with the numbing in the extremities but you get over it in time.  The memory thing, well, how good was my memory anyway when I had a migraine that lasted for 6 months and I was blacking out at times, tunnel vision and puking almost daily.  This medication gave me my life back.  Thanks!
I have been using Imitrex since it first came out in the 90 's. It was a God send. I 've had migraines for 42 years. I get about six migraines a month. Imitrex always works BUT for me I pay a price with stomach aches. Sometimes I refrain from taking Imitrex for fear of the stomach pains.
I think this birth control is extremely effective. I have few mood swings before my periods come. But other then that my face is clear, my weight is fine, mild cramping. And even better it works.
It 's a wonder drug. I have been using it for the last four years and have found the problem to improve dramatically.
Great drug. Never knew how important sleep was to the human body. Would only sleep 3 hours a night and thought that was normal. However since I have been on Ambien, I eat at night and do not remember it at all. My family tells me I am funny but do not remember talking to them. Never had dreams before, now they are vivid and real and colorful, this is a bit on the weird side.
I felt relief on day 2 of the titration pack.  Savella has been a miracle for me, I am pain free.  The only side effect that I am experiencing is anxiety, which is getting better and I hope will disappear.  I do wonder, if it is contributing to some of the weakness that I feel, but it is so hard to tell since muscle weakness was a huge problem to begin with.  I am grateful for this drug.  I 'm sorry to hear that many of you are experiencing such side effects.  I wish that we could all be pain free.
For last 8 months, Fetzima has worked very well (after the initial transition period from my last medication.) Over the last 15 years, I have been on many effective anti-depressants, but after about 2-3 years these medications start to become ineffective (Zoloft, Lexapro, Cymbalta, etc). Started taking Fetzima 8 months ago, and the first month involved a lot of agitation/anger (very unlike me) and also having to adjust the dosage upward.....now at 120. Since then It has been a good experience. Feel centered and have energy. One very good side effect has been pain relief from my arthritis in my knees and back. I have dry mouth with this and every other anti-depressant I have taken. The drug is very expensive.
I have tried so many drugs for my ADHD and nothing has helped. My Med. Doctor gave me a GeneSight and it came back that I can take nothing for ADHD. So we tried Clonidine and I am so thankful we did. I don 't obscess with thoughts and actions and have been able to sleep at night and get plenty of sleep. I do wake up with a bit of a hangover but that don 't last long and that is okay because I 'm sleeping at night. I am so thankful for Clonidine after many years of try different drugs and not getting stable this has been a wonder drug. I take Effexor and Latuda and with these drugs I am doing great. Thank god for these three drugs
I used to be prescribed this drug when I was about 17. I was taken off it because the doctors said it can be addicting. It really helped me get through my panic attacks. They switched me to Xanax. I 'm just on paxil now. My father takes alprazolam once a day and it helps him, along with therapy.
I been on Byetta for 1 year now. It helped me lose weight (40 pounds) and it controls my sugar level but my stomach feel bloating most of the time and the pain in my upper left side of the stomach is been intolerable. 
I 'm a mother of 1 and have been on Skyla the past 6 months. Absolutely love it so far.
Using the drugstore chain 's own brand of doxylamine succinate. I am a 79-year-old woman, with a long history of insomnia. I have tried other remedies, but find this the most effective, with virtually no adverse side effects. I have discovered that half a tablet is sufficient to give me a good, solid  eight hours of sleep, with any slight grogginess disappearing very quickly in the morning. I don 't take it every night because of concerns about dependency, so it usually amounts to not more than 2 or 3 nights a week. Enthusiastically recommended.
I 've been on this pill for around 11 months, and for the most part I find it good. I started off using it just to regulate my period, not knowing that it would just go away after the first few months. I 'm sexually active and I find that it does decrease my sex drive. It was very frightening when I stopped having my period, and I did gain weight, but I take pregnancy tests periodically (just as a precaution). I still have period symptoms at the end of the pack, but I haven 't had one in 7 months. The worst thing I find about this pack is that it makes me more emotional and increases my headaches.
I have been on this birth control for 5 months now and I love it. However, for the first two months I had irregular spotting and cramping. This eventually went away, I 'm assuming it was just my body adjusting to the change. I would recommend this birth control to anyone.
I 've been taking Zoloft for about half a year now on 200mg. I 'm not taking it for depression, it 's being used in conjunction with other things for rage and anger, hypervigilence, as well as dissociation.I 've been pretty lucky with this medication because I experience absolutely zero side effects, in fact I could probably take a higher dose right now although I 'd rather stick with the minimum and use coping techniques.I still feel like &quot;me&quot; on Zoloft. In fact I feel more like myself then I have in a long time. I still feel my emotions and everything, although I experience them in a healthy, normal way. I don 't experience all of the irrational, exaggerated, awful feelings and sensations I used to, in a good way.I feel normal again.
The medical establishment should be ashamed! I have struggled all my life with side effects from the  'acceptable ' ADD medications.  They gave me anxiety and a crash that made me irritable to boot! I have none of those side effects now and people have noticed a very positive change in me.  I am much more successful at my job, my anxiety is much lower, and my wife has noticed my nightly irritability is completely gone. I now feel like a complete person! Why wasn 't I prescribed this first? How much of my life have I lost? What could I have accomplished? I 'm glad I didn 't know this was actually methamphetamine when I was prescribed it or I would have said NO WAY. How the media portrays it and the actual effects on me are miles apart.
I had a bad reaction to Metamucil until I figured out what to do. I found that taking metamucil dried up my stool and gave me constipation :( I couldn 't believe it didn 't work because everyone loves it. BUT then I took magnesium with I and it was great. Magnesium diverts liquid to the colon so it gave me enough moisture to pass stool.
Having gone through a long list of life 's tribulations high BP and all that entails wasn 't surprising.Tried lisinopril several times, still felt general malaise. Went to cardiologist everything checked out.  I started taking hctz-after a day I felt great and two months in, still do.  Curious now why it works and is it compensating for lack in some organ.  I do not eat processed foods and am a healthy young woman of 65.
Seroquel gave me my life back, calms me down and helps me think clearly during the day, and helps me sleep well during the night. Makes your mouth a bit dry and makes you hungry often but definitely worth it.
I have arthritis in my back, and without this medication I could not make it.
I am very happy that I used this rather than the mega ounces of disgusting solution I drank for my first colonoscopy. If I ever have to repeat this I 'm going to chill the solution first. I drank two sips at a time, alternating sips of soda and sucking on candy. There 's no getting around the nasty taste, but here are my recommendations:  Follow a soft diet two days before your procedure. The day before follow a liquid diet to the letter. You won 't have cramping nor abdominal pain. Distract yourself while you sip the solution. I stood in front of my TV, taking two sips at a time while sucking on a piece of candy. Alternate sips of icy cold water, soda, and solution.  Best of all, it works quickly.
I had a surgery on my neck to remove a tumor. It caused nerve damage that was life altering. I dealt with it for a full year prior to a doctor prescribing Effexor. I got my life back. The pain is an annoyance now but much, much better. Taking 37.5 in morning and again at night. Started helping in about a week. Some sexual side effects but other than that I have my old life back. Also feel happier which I guess is a positive side effect.
This medication at first can have some strong, sedating side effects, but as long as you hang in there they will diminish. This medication has really helped my life. And I know it will help many others, from the cramping, the constant back and forth to the bathroom, not being able to eat, or eat to much, it just makes you normal again. It took me about 2 weeks to start seeing changes again but you will feel the effects right away. Just stay with it people.
It works
i had real bad panic attacks so bad i thought i was going crazy...my doctor put me on zanax and i feel so much better ..i was afraid to leave my house .afraid to shop i would start to shop all of a sudden i had to run out the store.so much more things were happening..but thanks to zanax i am calm cool and collective...oh and sooooo happy
I 've been experiencing Chronic Cluster Headaches since 2005. I had no idea what was going on, and suffered for 3 years untreated and undiagnosed. After some internet sleuthing I was able to tell my doc what was going on. Fast forward to 2016. I take verapamil 180mg er twice a day. This treatment has worked almost without fail, until just recently. In the past I have had to take other meds in combination with the verapamil such as...  Topamax, imatrex, magnesium, prednizone, and now lithium. None of these work for me, been having daily headaches again. I now have a sumatriptan injection I take when I feel one coming and it stops it within 10 minutes. I need help, please.  
I had unprotected sex on Friday. I took the pill around noon the next day. The next few days were unbearable and I spent each minute overwhelmed with anxiety and panic. Six days after I took the pill, I finally got my period. This experience has made me realize how important it is to practice safe sex.  If you are freaking out like I was about not getting your period, PLEASE do yourself a favor just don 't psych yourself out. Until your period comes, there 's nothing you can do but wait. 
I took this for 3 yrs and 6 months everything has been great for me, no gain weigth, no loss of appettite, basically the same on weight, but the only thing that changed was my sex drive, I dont feel the same its low sex drive, very dry down there. but other than that it worked good for me, have to change because of recent high blood preassure.
I took 20mg of Prozac from age 16 to 27 for depression and anxiety to make sure my conditions didn 't interfere with finishing high school and college. It got rid of my anxiety and depression 100 percent. The only negatives for me were that this dose made me hyperactive/harder to concentrate, harder to orgasm, and caused some emotional numbness where it was harder to feel in love.
Yo Fellow Pain Endurers ~    34 yrs. suffering Severe chronic pain from 10 hr. preventive surgery &amp; 5 Disc Fusion re: rare Diastematomyelia, Tethered Cord &amp; resulting Scoliosis. Tried every known Therapy/treatment. Avoided ALL meds for 29 mind-bending yrs.  'till I was @ life 's end.    Enter Pain Mgmt.: 7 various spinal blocks + Gabapentin/ Prednisone/Tramadol/ Butrans/ Oxy/ Methadone ~ ONLY relief came from high Morphine IM/MS Contin &amp; Fentanyl IM/Patch.  I HATE meds BUT they have SAVED MY LIFE.  Literally. (ya 'll know what I mean) Thank God!!!  Peace out.  Matt
This med has worked a lot better than the 10mg Percocet 4 x daily that I was on before. I take 10mg Percocet cut in half twice daily with the Embeda, it helps while the med has a slow uptake.   The first week or so, I was a little bit dizzy and tired.  That went away and I have no complaints. The meds work.  The Narcan in the pills doesn 't bother me or effect the way the meds work for me. I have had bad back problems for 25 years.  My S Spine and my L Spine are separated on the right side 4mm and the L spine is pushed forward 2mm.  I have had chronic pain half of my life due to this injury. This medicine really helps.
I started with a low dose (10mg) for two weeks then started 25 mg for the last couple of weeks. So far so good. I used to have a bout with diarrhea at least 4-5 times a week before taking this medicine, but now have not had any.
After 9 months of horrible psychotic-type itching I finally was able to see a dermatologist who I believe has correctly identified the cause.  He believes I have eczema.  The stress level following a whole spine surgery probably caused the condition to surface and begin its damage.  I started taking Benadryl on my own and it helped a lot.  When he added the H2 blocker (Zantac) it has all but disappeared.  Wonderful!  Thank you so much!
I 'm 18 and I have been using Tri-Sprintec for a week now.  I love it so far. I have not experienced any nausea or any other stomach problems. My back hurt for the second day I was on it, it was not bad and went away the next day. I have been going to the gym everyday because I want to lose a few pounds and it 's been harder then it usually would be. I haven 't lost any weight, but I haven 't gained any. My boobs have slightly grown. Not very noticeable.  I would recommend it.
I have been taking Zoloft 100mg for over a month now for my anxiety disorders and panic attacks that have gotten in the way of my peace  and my family welfare.  The results have been positive, I feel less stressful, less jittery and do not snap at my family for anything.  Also, it makes me feel more positive towards life and people.  At first it gave me mild diarrhea for two days, and yes, my sexual appetite has dwindle a bit.  I fully recommend it, it is worth trying some medication rather than living with emotional distress a whole life.
I 've been on 10 mg ER for 2 weeks.  It is a MIRACLE!  I 've had super sweats for 14 years of misery due to autoimmune disorders.  I am now pinching myself because I went to a new dermatologist who prescribed this.  Now, I get to live a normal life!
Let me start off by saying this can happen to anyone. I 'm a nurse. On 8/31 my boyfriend 's condom broke. He noticed &amp; pulled out right before he ejaculated. Although I didn 't think I was pregnant,12 hours later I took the My Choice brand contraceptive. The only side effects I had were achy soreness in my shoulders, little bit of nausea, and exhaustion (but I was up all night worrying if I could become pregnant so I have to factor that in too).  Being a RN, I researched the medication, it 's side effects, etc. I also purchased Midol &amp; chewable Pepto Bismal---great investment! First sign of a side effect I took the correlating med. Worked like a charm! Today is 9/8, was spotting but it 's gotten heavier so it works! I 'm 2 weeks early!
Well, I have had polycystic ovarian syndrome symptoms since the age of 13. When I was 18 my doctor prescribed Yasmin. Before, I was overweight, had bad acne, excessive hair growth on body and face, and was just angry/depressed. After taking Yasmin, my skin was amazing, seriously! I lost 20 pounds in 3 weeks (was active though), hair didn 't grow as much, I had more energy, and I was content. The only side effect I had was a small rash on my ankle, that cleared up in 2 days.At that time, I only had a 28 day supply. I 'm 26 now and haven 't taken Yasmin since then. I 've gained all the weight back plus more, I have way more hair growth and I 'm angry and depressed all the time. I 'm willing to try Yasmin again this year.
My PCP switched me from Ambien to Halcion about 5 months ago because I suffer from severe insomnia. I take 2 every evening, fall asleep fast and sleep about 5-7 hours (which is great for me). I recommend this sleep aid over any other.
I had very bad cystic acne and had to see a dermatologist. She prescribed Aczone and Tazorac, it did not work, it made me breakout worse.  I went back to her and she prescribed doxcycline an antibiotic and within the first week  I saw an improvement. I am on antibiotics, Aczone, and Tazorac, which together works awesome, my dark spots and acne scarring is fading also.
The pill really works when you have the right dosage.
On third round in 2013 conceived first born. Had a little bit of side effects. But changed to taking them before bed and didn 't notice a difference. Trying to convince second child, on first round currently.  (Have PCOS)
Apparently there is a word limit here so I&rsquo;ll try to get my point across. This is NON Hormonal, a lot of bad reviews with complaints that a hormonal BC would cause. Paragard doesn&rsquo;t have hormones and therefore SHOULD NOT cause the affects that some of the other reviewers are complaining about. Also Copper poisoning is not an issue, read the studies done. You have no more copper in your body than what&rsquo;s already naturally there. So don&rsquo;t feed into the negative feedback. Do your own research and discuss with YOUR doc the best option for you. I personally LOVE paragard.
I smoked for over 40 years. This is my 2nd time doing Chantix. The 1st time I was able to quit after the first week but really got nauseous. So nauseous I had to stop Chantix. I started smoking a few weeks later. I 've tried everything before. Chantix really does take the craving away. I started Chantix again 28 days ago. I 'm down to maybe 1 or 2 hits off a cig a day and to the point I will have my quit date by the weekend. I 'm not picking a quit date, just going off my craving. Once I take a hit it taste so bad. I made my self overcome the nausea by having a full stomach and drinking liquids. It really helped. I 'm determined to finally quit!!
I began using this medication February 5, 2009 and have lost 25 pounds to date. I follow the 1200 calorie intake recommended and go dancing twice a week as exercise. This medication is a great jump start to changing your eating habits. I no longer need to eat pizza, burger, fries, or soda to feel full. Grilled chicken salad is now my new favorite meal. If used appropriately it should help reach your goal.
I 'm 20 years old, never been pregnant. I will give you a play-by-play of the process.First, in my doctors appointment to be prescribed Skyla, my Dr also prescribed me with Misoprostol to be taken the night before the procedure to help dialate the cervix. So today I took 2 Aleve 's and 2 Advils an hr before my appointment. I went to my Dr. she first opened and cleaned my vagina a bit (Im on my period). Then she gave me 3 quick shots to numb the opening of my cervix which felt like tiny pricks. Then she measured me (worst part) it felt like cramps but very manageable. After being measured, she put it in and I barely felt it. That was it!
I got my IUD placed 8 weeks after having my first baby. The insertion was a little uncomfortable but quick and bearable. I had cramping the first day and some spotting. So far, I 've had my first period which was very light and lasted 4 days. I 've had my IUD for a month.  I feel great. It 's nice not having to worry about a pill every day especially while caring for an infant. I will rate later on after I 've had it longer also.
It 's for fever and muscle pain. It 's the best if you have a muscle pain after training or the next day. 30 minutes after taking the pill you will be just fine.
I finally worked up the courage to talk with my doctor about erections and asked for a prescription. I take an antiseizure medicine that has erectile dysfunction as a side effect and am 62. The erection effects of this medicine are amazing. I split a 20mg pill in as many pieces as I can without them crumbling, usually 5, and let them dissolve under my tongue. If I take some Friday night I am good for the weekend and have that fullness feeling throughout the day that makes me feel like a 20 year old and have a hair trigger erection when we are ready for sex. Stuffy nose is irritating, mildly dull headache that Tylenol takes care of. First couple of weeks taking this I did experience muscle aches but these went away as my body became more accustom to it.
This is my second month on Tri-Sprintec and so far so good. I was on the Depo-Provera shot for more than a year and as soon as I stopped lost 40 pounds, and it seemed as though both my body and emotions were settling to their normal state. I started taking Tri-Sprintec months after that ordeal and PMS acne has not been an issue as it had been on the previous birth control. I do get bloated but there 's barely any PMS symptoms, I am a little more emotional than I was without any birth control at all which is kind of expected, and my periods are light and not troublesome.
After my last MI, my only recourse was Ranexa because a stent was not able to be inserted.  The next night at the hospital I had three episodes of angina like never before.  I almost screamed for a nitro pill.  Since being on Ranexa I have taken less than five nitro pills in over a year.
I started with GERD symptoms in August 2010.  Tried over the counter medications and my NP precribed aciphex.  No change. Discouraged. She then prescribed Dexilant and it has been a miracle. I can drink a cup of coffee again.   However, for a month now I have the diarrhea side effect, but I 'll put up with it for now.
The medicine was given I.V over a period of 2-4 hours. My problem was the nausea side effect. It was like chemotherapy nausea. They stopped the infusion, but the symptoms continued for a couple of hours.That said, they gave me Zofran 20 minutes before the next try and slowed the infusion to about 1/4 the rate and all went very well (well, minus the 6-8 hours it took to infuse it). The therapy sessions were carried over to outpatient (I was in once every 4 weeks for 4 months then a maintenance schedule for every 8 weeks). It worked GREAT, complete remission, which really hadn 't happened for me in 12 years of Acute Crohn 's Disease. 
I haven 't had any problems with the new pill. I had loestrin before they switched it over and I never had any problems with it then either. If anything it 's made my period go away completely. I 've been on both the old and new name combined for about 3 years now. The only thing that 's changed is that they 've made the chewable option which taste nasty so I just swallow it
Did not even notice initial administration of this drug.  Woke up feeling perfectly fine.
My doctor prescribed Cymbalta for me as an antidepressant.  I am also arthritic and cannot believe how the pain in my joints has improved since I started taking Cymbalta.  I had gotten to the point where I had to go to bed by 7 or 8 pm - not because I was sleepy, but because I was in too much pain to move.  Now I am easily able to do a few more hours of chores before calling it a day.  I am not sure how well it is working as an anti-depressant, but the simple feeling of accomplishment of being an adult able to stay on my feet until &quot;bedtime&quot; is enough to call it a success in my book.
Almost a year now (7 more weeks to 1st taking of Harvoni-YAY ) 10 months since my 1st test. I was to be checked 6 weeks later but my results were so awesome(10 days later) they skipped the 2nd test to my final test in late February 2016. Final test results=0 again. 14 months prior Harvoni was so bad my condition: severely chronic-daily. Don 't get discouraged about side effects/other issues.I had none. Somehow it was EZ Street for me..something wrong, check with your doctor, but I bet you 're improving 100%.Taking Harvoni, worked awesome, but my physical recovery seems stagnate/slow ab-swelling,tender).I sustained fibrosis damage. I had child Hepc 30+ years, didn 't know til 2014. But with Harvoni I can smile again, live happy again, you will2
I have venous insufficency in my legs. I take 50 mg. twice a day. Tramadol makes it so I can be on my feet. Otherwise my legs and feet ache so badly! If I miss a dose I 'm achey. This medicine is amazing. And you don 't feel weird on it. I dread the thought of not having it, pain makes me feel so weary.
I am 41 year old female, have been taking Vivaglobin for about 3 years now after immunoglobulin treatments weren 't possible due to my veins couldn 't take it anymore. I feel so much better since the treatments. I admit, I hate the idea of poking myself 3 times a week, but I can 't rave about it enough. I went through most of my life a sick person, and thought I was a hypochondriac. I would hate to see if I couldn 't take it anymore, I am so much more healthier.  Thanks to all those donations of blood, in order to make this wonderful drug.
Great medicine. I need a potent, systemic bronchiodilator in order for my other inhalers to get where they need to go. This is a really important facet to my plan.  I wake up easier, am clear headed, have less depression, and more oxygen to my lungs/brain. I highly recommend it.
I 've been on Buspar for two years. The drug does not  'kick in ' quickly, but once it does start working, one notices a nice, quiet calm. (It started working for me after ~ 30 days. )It 's nothing like the benzodiazepines (thank goodness) and does not make me feel like a zombie with memory problems like Clonazepam (Klonopin) or Valium, etc. I use this in conjunction with Cymbalta and this combination helps me with both anxiety and depression. The only side effect I notice is that I might sweat a bit more. It is non-addictive, but as with any drug used long-term, one become physically dependent upon Buspar and one should follow a withdrawal schedule formulated by your PCP.
I was scared to death to take this medication. I got the Bactrim on a Friday night and didn 't have the courage to take it until Sunday night. The horror stories I read about it almost gave me panic attack just thinking about the what if 's. Luckily I haven 't had any side effects other than my lips burned a bit after the first dose and I was jittery.  I am sure to eat a full meal before taking the dose.
This is the only antibiotic that ever works for me. Whenever I have a cold and the Dr claims it is viral, it always goes to my tonsils. This time I waited 7 days suffering fever and a throat so sore I could not swallow, and eventually went to the pharmacist and asked for Zithromax z pak. Within 1 day I was 80 percent healed. No side effects. It works for me everyntime. By day 2, all sinus congestion had gone and I got my first real sleep in two weeks.
I have been in pain for 3 years and Oxycodone has been a life saver. I take 3 x 40s and 3 x 30 IR a day and I can get up and live my life as best as I can. I still have pain but these have made it better to live. I hate how everyone looks down on this medication that my doctor has helped me with. Thank goodness for doctors who help.
I am from India. I had severe and uncontrolled acne problem arising due to oily skin and bad liver. I was advised Clindac A (Clindamycin phospate) along with Liv52. Not a single acne since I am applying this gel. As on date, I didnot counter any side-effects.
I went from an occasional social smoker to going through a pack a day. I smoked a pack per day for at least 3 years and realized I couldn 't afford it anymore in terms of my wallet and health. I tried several times but I couldn 't make it through the second day. So, I decided to take Chantix. My doctor informed me that because of my age, I wouldn 't necessarily HAVE to complete the 12 week program. I could smoke the first week and prepare myself for the quit date. By the end of that week, my stomach couldn 't bare it anymore. I didn 't WANT one. I would have the random urges up to 2 weeks later. I did not experience the depression or wild dreams. Chantix does not quit for you but serves more as a valuable tool for the process.
I 've been on birth control pills for 20 years now. After I had my daughter I started to have consecutive problems of urinary infection because my doctor decided to switch my pill to something that would not affect my breast milk. After I tried many different kinds of pills and other ways of contraception I was finally given the Loestrin, which changed my quality of life. No more urinary infections, which made my sex life and consequently my marriage much better. Never noticed major side effects. Then when I had to switch to Minastrin, everything was the same, as great as with Loestrin.
I received propofol today for a colonoscopy and it worked wonderfully.  I was very worried as past anesthetics caused severe nausea afterwards, but no side effects at all with this drug.
Wonderful medication!!
I have now been on this med almost a month now I am down to 218 pounds which I have lost a little over 10 pounds since starting and I am feeling great. I do get the tingling in the lips and I already got it in my feet and hands before but it is not biggie. I hardly ever sleep anyway so that doesn 't bother me much but it does curb my appetite pretty well and I am loving the progress I am making!
I got Nexplanon about 3 months ago and I love it. The only thing that was uncomfortable was the numbing shot. You don 't feel anything after that. My arm hurt for a few days but that was expected. My first period was a whole week but very light and since then I haven 't gotten one. The only change I 've noticed is when I 'm supposed to have my period, I 'm very overly emotional. I didn 't have that problem before the insert, but since that 's the only side effect it was well worth getting it done!
Began taking meds last week Thursday lost 10 lbs as of today. Jan 3, 2017. It does work. I find myself a little thirsty now and then but I will continue taking as advised by my doctor. I went from 229 to 219. It really works 
I got nexplanon February of 2015 and it is now September. I had my period for about a month and a half and it was irregular after that but now my period is regular again. It was a pain having to deal with that but I have not gained any weight and I suggest the implant to all of my friends. I have unprotected sex weekly and all has been good!! Also, I only have to use one light tampon a day for my period
On my second lot now, first time I took them I was 16 which is young but at the time I was 23 stone, so was a risk worth taking. I lost a stone a month for 6 months then as the doctor predicted my body became semi immune to them, but I was also cheating a lot then. I 've started them again, started at 19 stone this time. (Stopped my exercising and healthy eating, my own fault), but in the first month this time lost 1 stone 4 lb. Xenical is a wonderful drug, but you really must make the effort with it, eat healthy, exercise and the drug really will take care of the rest, best thing since sliced bread.
Works great. Too expensive. 
I have had RLS since childhood.  I was on Requip and Gabepentin and the RLS was relieved for a short time  and then returned with a vengence.  My Mother, brothers and sister and grandmother also have it.  I was finally put on Mirapex ER starting at .25 about 6 years ago and am presently on 3.75 mg once a day.  This medication is the only one that pretty much controls the RLS.  I have had no side effects.  Interesting that they say only use immediate release for RLS.  I have been on extended release for 6 years.  I don 't know what I will do if this medication stops working as I now have symptoms in my arms and hands.  I am now 67 y/o. :
Have been using Jublia for about 2 months on two small toenails. So far it 's working very well. The new nail doesn 't look perfect, but it looks so much better than before. I had tried several different treatments before this, and none of them worked at all.
I know that many, including myself are not in favour of the pharmaceutical industry yet, when this drug literally saves your life, i.e. prevents suicidal ideation, can you really hate the industry, then? Think about that.
This pill definitely took away my tention headaches but I did notice I was wanting to use it and started to use even though I had no headache.  I went back and got a refill from my doctor. When I ran out again went back for my follow up she asked if I needed it filled I declined knowing I was going to use it just to use it. I did find it to be addictive.
I just want to review this birth control because I know people are more likely to hop on the interweb to write negative reviews rather than positive ones. I had the Mirena for almost five years and all the sudden CRAZY ACNE started. I wanted a BC pill to help with it, and I was given Lutera. PROS: After the first few weeks, I didn 't break out nearly as bad as I was before taking it. Regulated period after the second month. My boobs! They 're bigger! CONS: Acne was worse the first couple of weeks. First period was gross. Brown, and it came before the off week. Give it a chance, I 'm on my tenth week. You need to give it a few months before deciding you hate it!! It takes a while to regulate everything.
I have taken Adderall for over a year and I have had great results. I take 20mg twice a day. I stay on task and accomplish so much more in a day. Initially, I was shaky and jittery and not sure about Adderall, but it was stopped and I feel the full benefits of the drug. The only side effects I would tell someone about would be 1) DRY MOUTH, 2)loss if appetite (good for me though), and 3) sometimes hard to get to sleep at night. These are trivial, given the amount of benefit I see from Adderall.
I have been taking Latuda 40mg for nearly 1 month now. Diagnosed Bipolar II since I was in my mid forties. I am now 65 years old. So far this medication has been very effective. No depression for 3 weeks. No hypomania so far. Seroquel worked fairly well but not as well as Latuda. I have lost a few pounds since I started Latuda. I have recieved some samples and will purchase this drug from Canada due to the outrageous cost here in the USA. My Medicare copay is $450.00. In Canada I can get a 30 day supply for about $180.00. Otherwise I would have to take something else and likely much less effective. Latuda is a great medication for me but it is truly incredible and in a way evil that 30 tablets retails for $1200!
My doctor prescribed Voltaren after an extremely painful IUD insertion and subsequent cramping. I 've never had cramps like these before. I 'd literally be curled up in the fetal position, unable to even talk. Depending on the level of pain, this either completely eradicated it or made it totally bearable, and lasted for 12 hours at a stretch. Voltaren is wonderful and I 'm glad my doctor recommended it over a narcotic painkiller.
I am a 70 yr old RN. I started having episodes of near-fainting around 16 yr.old (actually fainted twice). I would go to the nurse &amp; ask to lay down-which helped, but she thought I was faking. Next episode, 25 yr old - saw cardiologist, negative EKG, no treatment. Next 2 episodes, 30 yr old, more severe, ER - negative tests. Next 5 episodes, 40-50 yr old increasing severity, ER. During the last ER visit, I heard about a new type of Doc, an electrocardiophysiologist. I wore a monitor for 6 weeks before it finally &quot;caught&quot; the SVT. I started on Toprol 50 mg per day. But then, I had an episode of severe low BP (80/40) - back to the ER. My new Doc said to split dose, take 25 mg AM &amp; PM. No episodes past 20 years. I 'm a happy camper !
I have been on Victoza for 3 weeks now. Started with the 0.6 dose for 1 week then moved to the 1.2 for two weeks. I have lost 17.1 pounds in that time. My blood sugars are also greatly improved. I whole-heartedly recommend this medicine to any one who can handle the side-effects, which have not been too bad at all for me.
I 'very been on Lialda since diagnoses nearly 10 years ago. I started with 2xday and progressed to 4x day about 4 years ago. A month ago I had a bad flare and am not on 6x day for a couple days + casana (sp?) Which is essentially the same drug only in suppository. It 's already working to clear up my flare, but I 'm experiencing acne and jumbled thoughts. Can 't wait to drop the suppository once this is under control, hopefully I 'm 1-2 wks. I don 't know how &quot;Iowa&quot; cured themselves with diet -- I tried that and Lialda seriously changed my life.
The first day/night was when I was the most jittery.  The only side effects I got were jitters, slight headache, moodiness, and some dry skin.  They get better as the days go on.  My back pain has totally disappeared.
I was diagnosed with Narcolepsy by an MSLT and just found out the results today. I only experience ES with narcolepsy. I have been taking this medicine for almost 2 months now. I have had the dosage increased twice. At first when I started taking the medicine, I was very energized and had a hard time sleeping a few nights. After getting used to the medicine I don 't feel excessively energized, jittery or have trouble sleeping at all. I just feel awake and it gives me the power to lead a successful life. I have had a few side effects to the medicine. I often experience neck cramps/aches and almost always get dry mouth. I also sometimes have a lack of appetite. These side effects are very manageable. Armodafinil has changed my life.
I 've read pages of these reviews after a second sleepless night due to itching and burning after application. I have blisterform eczema, for 7 tests now. I 'm a 26yo female. The eczema is on my feet and is triggered by stress and sweating... and stress causes more sweating. My detmatologist prescribed this for me. Day 1 the sweat was 85% gone and very few new blisters appeared (only 4 when I normally get 10-20/day). It itches and burns pretty bad but I 'm toughing through it and am looking forward to tomorrows results (day 2). When I 'm blister free I 'm going to get my first pedicure ever!
Red Yeast Rice Lowered my total Cholesterol from 300 down to 190 in 3 months.  I continued to take one cap a day for a year and the next blood draw was 170.  I had no ill side effects and my liver function levels were not effected.  I tell everyone to give it a try.
This is my experience with OSMOPREP:Procedure was at 4pm Thursday so the directions state to stop eating 12 hours before starting treatment 1. I ate dinner at 5:30 Wednesday and nothing after that. Started taking only 3 pills with 8 oz of water Thursday 5:45 am . after each pill taking I took a walk to prevent bloating and nausea. It worked well plus the walking seemed to make room for more water. So after 5 glasses of water and 15 pills things were good. The treatment started working about 1 hour after the first pills and 15 minutes between. 
Depakote was given to me for onset postpartum psychosis and underlying bipolar 1 as a mood stabilizer. It did it 's job. Wonderful results mentally, obsessive thoughts were all but gone and combined with my antipsychotic, it made my life much better. But, the weight gain was hellish. I have gained 11 pounds in two weeks, and am looking at switching at my appointment on Monday. So, not good if you are looking for a weight neutral mood stabilizer.
Been on T. since May 2013.  Was allergic to Copaxone so was on Rebif for years.  Pill is so much better.  Side effects of flushing, burning last only 10-15 minutes during the first month or two of starting the pill.  Cold wash cloth and relaxing helps during the flushing.  Working so well...no new lesions.  I drink a lot of water and eat protein when I take the pill.  Highly recommend trying!
Started smoking when I was 16 years old. Since taking Chantix for about 3 months I haven 't smoked at all. The first week I cut down from a pack a day to maybe 7 a day. Since then I have not smoked at all. Chantix worked great for me. Sometimes it makes me sick to my stomach after I take it. And I have had very weird vivid dreams. But I will take the side effects over smoking!
I am a teenager who experienced some mild/bad acne. I was prescribed Ziana Gel in Decemeber and I was very nervous to try this product. For about the first three weeks my acne was getting worse, as my dermatologist had predicted. After those first few weeks, my face started getting way better. By February, my face was clear with the occasional breakout, which was gone by the morning after putting medicine on it at night. At the beginning my face was oily but it got better after a few weeks. Honestly this medicine has changed my life! My one recommendation is to give it time, if you want your acne gone for good I would definitely recommend this product. If you use the tube sparingly it will last you about 6 months.
I have bad acne on my back. It really didn 't matter what I did. Minocycline clears up my skin in a day or two. The only downside is that my skin is drier than normal.
I 've had anxiety as long as I can remember. Symptoms like insomnia, eating issues, tons of intense fear around bizarre and unlikely life-threatening situations happening to me. I 've also struggled with uncontrollable panic attacks during stressful times. I 'm now a junior in college, and after a spell of depression (caused by panic attacks and constant anxiety), I decided to try medication (though, of course, taking meds made me anxious. Ha). I 've now been on Lexapro for about 7 weeks, and I am very happy I chose to try it. I 'm on 10mg, and the first week was miserable. Like everyone says, stick it out. Now, my outlook is much more positive, and I am way less anxious. Give it a shot! I 'm thankful I did.
i take 0.5mg at bedtime. It does make your eyes dry so I use a lubricant eye ointment. Works fine.
Without this I would be lost and panicking all the time. Keeps me calm through the tough time.
I had read the tips and it worked well. Refrigerate the prep, get a straw and a lemon. Suck the prep as far back into your throat as possible. Just suck the whole cup down and then bite into a lemon wedge. It kills the taste off. It worked great for me! No problem. My problem has always been white coat syndrome, that is until I remind myself thats how I am . I had no other side effects. Just do it!
This drug works. It 's not fun....I have suffered all the side effects, but after 10 shots I 'm clear now just another 38 weeks......good luck
Stopped my period and feel great.  Only side effect is gained 5-10 lbs.
I was previously on buspar and had to be taken off due to other issues that began.  I asked to be returned once those issues subsided and couldn 't be more pleased with the results.  I take 10mg two times a day.  No real side effects to speak of.  I guess I got lucky that way.
I love this medicine. I have Bipolar 2 and post traumatic stress disorder. I have been on this medicine for 9 months. It puts me to sleep about 15 mins after taking it. I have lost 35 pounds (I had gained 50 pounds on Lamictal and Abilify) I am off the Lamictal. I have been able to stay out of the hospital. I feel better overall. I am trying taking 1 course in college and may even try to work again.
Started Lexapro 10 mg 11 days ago. At first the side effects were very obvious. 1st day dry mouth, dizzy, tired.2nd day, fuzzy feeling, dizzy, tired.Each day got better &amp; Better. By day 5 I wasn 't napping anymore. Before Lexapro, I was having serious sleep problems, probably half my depression problem. Well I am sleeping like the dead! Waking up feeling completely refreshed &amp; awake! My anxiety is gone. No more crazy thoughts and negative self talk! Feeling happy for the first time in a year. Try not to read all the negative reviews. Remember a lot of people have other things going on mentally, physically, etc. Some people also combine other medicines with Lexapro. I 'm only on Lexapro. So far the only thing is that I can 't orgasm. Hoping that goes away.
Trazodone has been a Godsend for me. I tried all the &quot;new SSRI 's&quot;, like prozac, zoloft, paxil and lexapro etc. and they all made my symptoms worse. My doctor finally decided to try a couple of older, first generation ant-depressants. Elavil was okay, but Trazodone, when I finally got to it, really kicked ALL my symptoms. I didn 't have the side effects of the newer SSRI type medications. Trazodone, did not cause insomnia, but rather allowed me to get to sleep. The SSRI 's all caused nervousness, agitation and insomnia. Trazodone had no adverse effects other than mild heartburn at the beginning.
I remember looking at this website 5 or so months ago trying to find reviews on Zoloft and I must admit it scared me to even try it. I have been struggling with anxiety/panic disorder since the age of 13. (I am now 19) It would come and go, I would be good for a few months and then have a month of extreme anxiety. I have tried almost every medication out there from Celxa, Paxil, Lexapro, Abilify and many more. All of them made me feel emotionless. Yeah, the anxiety was gone but so was all my other emotions. I went a year without any medication only to hit rock bottom. I couldn 't leave the house, I quit my job, and overall lost my passion for life! Zoloft changed that, it truely saved my life! I HIGHLY recommend Zoloft!
I am women 45 and suffer of general anxiety and panic attacs voor 25 jears. I took Zoloft already tree times in my life and it helped me every time. But every time I stopped my sympthomes turned back. I am taking Zoloft again voor 5 weeks and for the first time I have very bad side effects like naussea more panic bad sleeping...even after 5 weeks. I still hope it will help like other times but it is weard and I am worrying it will not work. I had some good days but genarally it is not going well at this moment. I also tried other AD in the past and nothing helped me like Zoloft. I was always at 50mg and it was enough. Maybe I have to take more or wait longer. I gave it 10 because of his working in the past. Anybody same experience?
Insertion actually wasn 't even bad. I was terrified for it but just felt like really strong period cramps. I had cramping for about a week after insertion and since then everything has pretty much been fine. My period is definitely a little heavier, nothing major though and I still don 't cramp during my period. This is seriously the best form of birth control! No hormones to deal with and I am so happy I don 't have to think about birth control for 10 years. I 'm so glad I tried it.
this past Feb I literally thought my insides were being ripped out. Expected to see them lying on the floor after sex one Monday afternoon.I was throbbing and hurting the rest of the evening and into the the morning.The next day I called my GYN and begged to be seen. she diagnosed my with this and several rips. She gave me an Estrace cream sample and prescription along with one for the rips. I do not have medical insurance.I healed the rips with coconut oil and started the cream 1 oz 2 times a week, She says it is not absorbed. Well, all I know is that my hot flashes have lessened, sex is no pain and if I don 't use it like I 'm supposed to, all that changes! I 'm blessed  to have friends in the medical field that can keep me in samples.
I only stopped taking this medication because I switched insurances and the new company will not cover it at all! Being off of it, I realize what a huge difference this medication made. I took Brintellix for 4 months. I had some difficulty the first couple weeks, to be honest, with sleep. Taking the medication in the evening made sense for me, I slept better vs. taking it in the day time, I slept worse. I ended up not needing to take any of my anti-anxiety pills after a month! My arousal was not hindered at all. Brilliant medication, thank you to whoever discovered this one.
Was very nervous for the insertion but it was all a breeze. It didn 't hurt so much as just some cramping for like 2ish minutes and then a little achy for the hours after insertion. I did take 600mg of ibuprofen which was probably useful. I spotted for a couple hours after insertion but not to bad. Will see how I  handle the side effects (if I get any). But so far so good! Love the idea of not having to worry for 3+ (if liletta gets FDA approval) years
The $46 spent on the pill was worth it!My boyfriend and I had sex a day or two after my period ended. Condom broke. Took Plan B within 45 minutes. From what I 've read, the sooner you take it the better. 6 days later I get a period again, it was light and lasted all day. The next two days it was brown discharge and that was that. I missed my regular period date weeks later and started freaking out. I even had a dream my boyfriend and I having a baby. Way to add on to my stress.I bought four pregnancy tests from dollar tree. I tested two and they were both negative. Finally I got my period a week late and I 'm here writing to let you know it does work. Don 't freak out but I 'm sure you still will. It 's okay!
At the age of 28 I had a hysterectomy.  After years of taking different kind of hormones my doctor gave me Femtrace.  In January 2013 I was told they quit making it.  I have tried several other medications but nothing works like Femtrace.  I have put on 14 pounds, have severe hot flashes, mood swings, joint pain and do not want to do anything at all.  Just do not know what to do.
I 've had Mirena for 4 months now and I love it. I 've read so many stories about the excruciating pain women have felt during insertion, but for me it was no worse than a period cramp and it didn 't last very long at all. By the end of the day I was back to normal. There was some light spotting at first. I love that I don 't have to remember to take a pill every morning or else I 'd probably be pregnant again. I would definitely recommend it.
I went on Accutane in two cycles back in 2001 and 2002.  Nothing works as well as this medicine, but the dry lips are a bit hard to deal with - if you 're like me, I would take dry skin and lips over acne any day.I still get breakouts every now and then, and am considering a 3rd round (6 years later).  I would definitely recommend it.
Easy.  Fast.  No problems.
I 'm 18 and I have struggled with my period for around 3 years it was always so heavy and it went for a month straight during summer that 's what pushed me to get this implant one of my friends had gotten it for the contraceptive method and said it stopped her heavy period completely, it 's been a year since I 've had it in and honestly it 's the best decision I 've ever made!
I 've had the Nexplanon for a little over a month. I 'm five days late, but I 'm guessing that 's because of the Nexplanon. I haven 't had any bad side effects. Having it inserted was pretty painful, sore for about a week. But now that 's it 's healed I barely even think about it. As of now, I love it. Don 't have to remember to take a pill every day, no period (yet). Hopefully it will stay like this.
HELLO world, Writing a review cause  'Im just like you scrolling thru, I wanted to share my experience with this medicine, first things first this DOES NOT work right away it takes about a month or two For me at least to kick in, so do not stop after like a week unless you have horrible side effects. I satrted from 20mg all the way to 100mg. Helps a lot with S.A , G.A.D and depression, and as well as Agoraphobia Panic attacks are gone, Still get anxious but a normal nervousness not overwhelming, no more crying spells.. This Medicine won 't Cure Mental Illness but it definitely HELPS! %u2764%u2764%u2764%u2764&quot; Give it a Try, &amp; always keep ya head up! ! if it doesn 't work you can always keep trying other SSRI 's that will help your everyday life!
I got the device inserted on May 2, 2017. My doctor advised me to take ibuprofen 1 hour before the procedure. I 'm glad I did. It was a crampy feeling after and I bled a little then it stopped. I got mine I  1 week before my period. When my period started it did not stop for 2 months! Light, medium and heavy flow. I had no idea what the day would be. It 's been a few weeks and no period. I break out with acne some and get bloated but nothing major. It 's worth it not having a period.
Mobic - the miracle pill. I have had chronic pain in my right knee for the last 6 months or so, it was getting worse by the day. I have now been taking Mobic 15mg for two days and I have no pain at all. I have read that there can be some nasty side effects, but at the moment I really don 't care. I can walk pain free again.
Having AS and osteoarthritis since childhood and now 52 years of age I have tried just about anything and prednisone not only relieves the pain, but my whole body feels more flexable and I find I have more energy. I was on it while awaiting a knee replacement, but was pulled off it, Went through the roof. Went back on until my Rheumatologist weaned me off in prep for the knee surgery. But what I cannot get through to the doctors is I 'd rather have the best life I can, be it long or short. I want to live and prednisone gives me that. I have reached the stage where if they will not proscribe it, i 'll buy it on the net, but life is too short to live it in unbearable pain.
On starting the self injection Enbrel, it took six weeks to take the pain away.  Enbrel if I had it prescribed twenty years ago, my life would not be wheelchair dependent. My life is anything but painful. I can take part in daily life, enjoy all that can be given.
I have been taking Megace, in conjunction with Xeloda for the past year to help treat my Stage 3 Ovarian Cancer.  Since my tumor is estrogen feeding, this medication takes the estrogen out of my system.  Tumors have CONSIDERABLY shrunk since I 've been on this medication.
Experienced depressive symptoms lightly for years. Then over the past year when exposed to many life stressors because signficant in impairing my quality of life. Celexa has greatly improved my quality of life and most days I feel little to no depressive thoughts. I have been taking Celexa for 6 weeks. It also got rid of my anxiety (70-80% of it) and has improved my OCD symptoms a great deal.I started on 5 mg upping to 10mg
I have had the Nexplanon for 7 months now, it has been the most effective birth control I have used, compared to the IUD and birth control pills. I have 4 kids due to the the failures of other birth control methods, they were used 100% as directed by medical doctors. 3 months after getting the Nexplanon I stopped all periods, but still had all the cramps and side effects of a period. Not the best feelings.
I have always had acne...nothing crazy up until a year or so ago. Throughout high school and beginning of college I would always have a few pimples but that eventually turned into cystic acne all over my face. I don 't know what triggered it. I found it difficult to look at people or hold a conversation with someone w/o feeling like they 're staring at my disgusting face. I took a trip to the derm and she took one look at me and said I was a candidate for accutane. I started at 30mg and by my last month (month 7), I was at 90mg. Side effects I had: extremely dry lips (especially the corners of my mouth), back pain, and fatigue...but they were all bearable. I 'm blessed to have been on accutane...skin is perfect!
This medication is brilliant.  Completely got rid of my depression and social phobia. I take 75mg/day.  The SSRI 's didn 't really work.  Was laying on the bed all day thinking of suicide and death.  After I started Nardil my life completely changed.  Thank goodness for the medication.
Have very recently started taking gabapentin after spending over half my life in chronic crippling pain. Years of stretching, chiropractors, physical therapy, heavy pain medications, cortisone injections, along with bi-lateral foot surgery, bi-lateral TMJ surgery, and reaching the point of wishing I was dead due to pain being unbearable a new GP from a small clinic was the first to say the word Fibromyalgia. Within a few days I noticed that I was able to return to daily activities again like laundry, cooking, and playing with my kids and the family pets. My mood and outlook on life has dramatically improved. Still occasional aches but nothing like before, and only occasional Lortab for extreme days. Gabapentin gave me back my life.
Please tell me you are still going to be making Enjuvia. I have been on this drug for years and it really works great for hot flashes and mood swings.I need my prescription filled and I am totally out it. The pharmacies are all saying you are not making it any more and that there is no genetic drug- period.I beg you to still make this product.What are we to do if we can no longer get it and there is no form of a genetic made? Us patients can 't go off of Enjuvia cold turkey. Evidently, the pharmacies were not warned ahead of time and neither were the Prescribing doctors., that the drug was stopping being made. This is terrible.
December 2016 I started on 5mg of Trintellix. I 'd reached a point in life, 65, where my life was more than I could ask for: good job, strong marriage, good friends, healthy, and yet I lived a dark cloud of fatigue and disconnection, lacking excitement and motivation. I was just maintaining. So I tried Trintellix. I 'm now on 10mg. For me I 've had little to no symptoms, and a rebirth of joy, motivation, and creativity. I 've also added a weekly exercise routine at the local Planet Fitness. Between diet and exercise I find this modern medicine to be a miracle. Of course I realize my body will probably adjust to this feeling and I wont ' be quite  'euphoric ' forever, but I now know what feeling good feels like.
I am 19 now and started taking ADD medicines when I was 17. I had used Adderall for a few months and had to stop because of the  'rebound ' I got from it. It made me too agitated and easily angry/sad when coming down on it near the end of the day. I switched to Focalin XR and it worked well for maybe another month before the same thing started happening. My doctor then wanted to try one more time so he said there is a newer stimulant out for ADD/ADHD and it is pretty much like a cousin of Adderall. He said there is a better chance that this won 't have a negative rebound. I have been on 60mg of Vyvanse for a few months and I have not felt any type of negative side-effects like I had before. It works great and helps me stay focused with school and work.
I have been taking Trivora for over a year and it is wonderful.  I have experienced no negative side effects.  I would recommend it because it works beautifully for me.
I have been taking Reglan 10mg doses for years. It has changed my life in a good way. It has controlled my gastroparesis completely. I was having to go to the E.R. for pain before I started Reglan. I take 4 a day. 2 in the morning and 2 at night. I have had no side effects at all from this medicine except relief. I would recommend Reglan to anyone suffering from gastroparesis.
I usually get pain/gout attacks behind my big toe. This causes the pain to radiate through my inner arch towards my ankle. Makes it a pain to walk and function properly. I took this medicine and by 3rd dose the majority of my pain is gone. This medication is a life saver!
i said i will write a review if it worked so here i am. It all happened when the condom broke and my boyfriend finished inside. We took action right away and got the pill. Took it the next morning and got my period a week and a half later.
This is a great medicine for my bipolar child, for anxiety.  I asked my own doctor for some when I found Ativan too sedating for daytime anxiety. I found it works even better when it came to muscle tension and racing thoughts than any other anti-anxiety medicine I 've taken.
Works wonderfully on my spinal arthritis. Thank goddness for this medicine.
While I havent been on it long I can say I have been WORLDS different. I originally was on sprintec for a good 10 years. Got new job where I just got my rxs filled there (ins requirement) was given estraylla as a substitute can we say all hell broke loose on it. Moody(which Im not at all), gained 15lbs, always bloated, foods I should want and love made me sick,no sex drive, horrible periods, lethargic etc etc. Well then the pharmacy got mononessa in, no joke within a week the bloating subsided, I dropped 5lbs, mood was way better, drive is back. Honestly feel better on it then even sprintec.Watch your inactive ingredients, thoes are what cause the side effects more than the hormones.
In week 2 now. This is one bizarre drug. Even on the low doses I was doing very well. I am addicted to cigars I basically breath them.  I  eat oatmeal for breakfast and have had no constipation issues. I feel a little thirsty. I 've tried smoking and it just does not register. I still get some cravings but I think they are of the mind.So far a great med and I hope everything goes along. try it !
I am 61 years old I started smoking when I was12 I was up to3 packs a day chantix saved my life I have been quit now for almost 4 years chantix did it for me have even went through death of our son recently and did not go back to smoking .Thank you chantix - you save my life!!!!!!
I am 48 years old with osteoarthritis in both knees.  Had my first injection of a series of 4 weekly, then will go to twice a year.  I can already tell a tremendous difference.  Was able to do over 30 minutes on the elipitical machine and recumbant bike each for the past week with no pain.  Amazing.  The injections pinch a little bit, but probably won 't this week as the doctor advised me to not over do it the day before.  If you are considering this treatment plan, I think you will be happy with the results.  I am.
I have been on Lo loestrin Fe for the past 4 years. My gyno prescribed Gildess when I switched health insurance. I was against switching since my skin was clear and I was content with Lo 's mild side effects. I am so glad that I did not read user reviews before switching as I probably would have never tried it....Since switching to Gildess BC, I no longer have break through bleeding,  my sex drive is improved, no break outs have occurred (which was a big concern) but the best part is that I 've lost the bloated abdomen! I tried everything for the past 4 years to lose my belly roll. Because BC does cause yeast I stay on a good probiotic but even that never made my belly flat.** Give it at least 3 mos. for your body to adjust.
As far as I 'm concerned it 's a miracle medicine for bipolar. A week and a half ago I was so bad off that I didn 't want to live. My mother called my shrink at about 6PM, he called in a prescription, and I took 20mg at around 7PM. When I woke up the next morning I felt fine, and I 've pretty much been that way since. Some of it may be due to the placebo effect, but I don 't think a whole lot because such a dramatic improvement has never occurred when I 've started other medicines.
I have dealt with RLS for a number of years. I suffer from insomnia  but I would take melatonin, Lunestra, Ambien and they did nothing but aggravate my RLS worse.  Nothing like being tired AND agitated because of the constant need to move my legs.  I had to have a hysterectomy in April and they sent me home with Tramadol after a week I noticed I had not had an RLS episode for the entire week.  I didn 't take it one night because I wasn 't having any pain from surgery...RLS kicked in.  Realized the Tramadol was keeping the RLS at bay.   If I don 't take it before the RLS kicks in, it 's not quite as effective.
As long as you follow the doctor 's instructions when the time comes to ween off this medicine, you will truly feel VERY, VERY Little withdrawal symptoms, IF ANY! THIS MEDICINE SAVED MY LIFE (And my bank account now that I can actually care about that again). Not only did I go from spending $40 dollars(Easily) on either Roxi 's, Oxy 's, or Heroin per day to approximately $3.33 a day (for 4MG of SUBOXONE), BUT in my opinion THE GREATEST EFFECT is that I FINALLY feel like the OLD ME! As in the ME before I ever started doing drugs. I 'm happy, I 'm playful, and Witty again.
I too, had tried all the tricyclic 's, SSRI 's and SNRI 's along with helper drugs for anxiety and insomnia. I went on Parnate 4 years ago and it 's the ONLY drug that has consistently worked at keeping my depression in check. After a depressive episode that almost killed me, the decision was made to try it. There is no &quot;poop out&quot;. The MAOI diet everyone one freaks out over is NOT that bad - just be mindful of what you eat. Following instructions for safe use of this drug is nothing compared to the relief of clinical depression!
I have suffered migraines for years. This is the only medication that works for me. If I run out of it, it will be a trip to the ER and 2 hours of vomiting and stacks of paperwork and 20 minutes of ER doctor interrogations for sure.I have Imitrex in my purse 24/7.
It has saved my life 3 times in the ER. If it would have not been for this medicine I would have died a junky and would not of had the chance to change my life for the better. Thank you for this medicine.
I know some people of had terrible experiences with this medication I however have had phenomenal results. Within my GERD  had greatly subsided. I 'm down to taking it every other day and I have had no problems whatsoever. I 've tried everything else and nothing else worked.
So I was extremely nervous to get an IUD because I heard it was horrible pain to get inserted.... then at my appointment they said I was too small for Mirena and offered to do skyla which I hadn 't had a chance to Google or anything so I was a little skeptical. I had psyched myself up for the appointment... so I ended up going ahead with Skyla. The pain of insertion was maybe 8 out of 10 and lasted for 10 seconds. I had horrendous cramps and bleeding the first 5 days after implantation. I recommend taking time off work and wish I had taken more than 2 days off. I had light spotting for about a month and have not had a single period or spotting since. It 's been 6 months I lost 15 lbs just from switching off oral pills. I LOVE SKYLA.
I 'm 26 and from Scotland and I was addicted to heroin. Luckily at the age of 17 I was told about Subutex by my councillor. I had been on a methadone prescription but was left without a chemist. So this left me back on heroin. I never liked methadone as it gave me a similar feeling of heroin the drowsiness, brain fog, bad memory, no appetite. My councilor put me on Subutex I was so gratefull she was so lovely about my situation not having a chemist she met me every day to give it at my home. Not sure if she was meant to do that but she showed belief in me. I started of at 16mg and I instantly stopped using. I 've been clean for 9 years now. I receive 2mg suboxone &amp; 4x 0.4mg Subutex daily. I hope to tapper off completely.
I started taking Voltaren back in October for osteoarthritis of my knees, right hip &amp; left hand. I also have bursitis &amp; piriformis syndrome in my right hip as well as achilles tendonitis in the right foot. I take 75mg 2 times a day. My knees are so bad that I had to have Synvisc-One injections as well. Combined I have been able to work my 12 hr shifts as an RN. I still have pain that 's about a 6-7 after working three 12 's in a row, but would not be able to work at all without the Voltaren. I am looking to have my knees replaced in the near future. The only side effect I have had is stomach upset if I do not take it with food and some mild constipation. I would recommend this medicine to anyone. 
Paxil has helped me out immensely. At first I was really scared to try it because I was reading tons of bad experiences online, but then I decided I needed to do it. Well when I first started it I had a few side effects like the speedy feelings, the restlessness, the lack of appetite, and lack of sex drive and orgasm. Now I have been on them for 2 months and it is working out so great! I have not had any really bad side effects, and the ones that were there when I first started taking it are gone. This medicine has made my life so much more bearable and worked out great for me!
Buspar has been a godsend for me. First, was on 10mgs twice a day. Now I 'm on 15mgs twice a day. No side effects and I 've had no need for benzos since. On one year now.
All I can say is I love it. I am scared to take meds doctors give me but my anxiety is that bad I thought I can not go on like this I have to do something about it. I started of on 50 at night just to see how I would cope it chilled me out and when I woke I didn 't feel heavy so that was good. Because when I take a pill on the night and next day get up heavy makes my anxiety mad.  But started on 50. Now am on 100s 3 times a day. Can talk to people can go for hair cut can sit in the same room as people look at there face when talking to me. With out almost passing out. If I was to say if you wanted to get anxiety under control these are well worth ago. Plus I also recommend propranolol beta blockers 40mg 4 times a day  They are great as well
Thank you. Zantac. I had a gerd attack. And about 20 minutes after 150 mg .. A 93 percent, improvement. Thank you so much. Jon.
i just started taking Linzess and it is a miracle worker for me. I 've been constipated for over 30 yrs and nothing helped me. Even Amitiza didn 't help, it just bloated me, gave me gas and pain. Linzess works most of the day so I don 't take it when I 'm out and about. This morning I took 290 mcg. and within an hour I had a bowel motion. I recommend it to anyone who suffers from constipation like me.
Hello, I started taking Contrave April 18,2017 The only side effects I experience was a nausea, a headace nothing major.  I am down 4lbs which I am very excited about. For the nausea I take motion sickness. that helps out, I crew gum to offset it. I eat less. I work out three times a day. One thing I  notice this medicine changes the way things taste. as for  drinking  fluids. it makes drinks taste flat. which is fine with me. I start my 2 pills a day tomorrow. I will keep everybody updated on my progress. After reading all the reviews I was very discourage about starting Contrave. I am so glad I am giving it a try. I keep jolly ranchers in my purse. my mouth gets really dry. I pray this Medicine works out for everybody.
22, no babies yet. 3 months in, loving it, period only a few days late each month. Insertion went well, took two advils an hour before, pain is like a bad period cramp but was only for like 20 seconds (you got this!) Choose a doctor that 's used to doing it :)6 weeks of adjustment spotting. Doc says it will be more stable after 6 months and I 'll have smaller and less painful periods than ever (as of now they haven 't been more painful compared to pre-iud).No scares, string is easy to find. Partner felt it once, depends on position.No acne, no weight gain, no noticeable side effects other than the spotting (buy a bunch of black underwear :PWorry free bc for 3 years :)
I have bowel adhesions and they cause debilitating  IBS. I first was given Donnatal Elixir in an ER with horrible intestinal cramps.  This stuff soothes, works quickly and it stops the cramps.  I recommend it to anyone I know who has IBS.  And the drowsy side effect helps me to sleep and when I wake up I feel better. Definitely ask your doctor about this one if you suffer from intestinal issues!
I am a proven success story!!!! I started taking chantix in 2013. I had GREAT success with this product. To this day, I am a NON-SMOKER and very proud of that. But I couldn 't have done it without chantix. I had been smoking cigarettes for about 20 yrs and I thought I would die still smoking. At first it made me a little nauseated while taking it but after a couple of weeks the side effects went away. I never had ANY suicidal thoughts. I am just a normal everyday woman and mother. I wanted to quit smoking for myself and my children. I want to be around to see my grandkids grow up. Thank you to Chantix, my dreams will now come true. I feel as thou I owe my life and gratitude to the makers of Chantix. They have given me my life back!!
This medication has been so helpful for my anxiety, OCD, and sleep. It worked really quickly too--within a few days. I never knew I could feel this relaxed. I have suffered from terrible anxiety since childhood and depression. Other antidepressants help my depression but do nothing for my OCD. This medication is quite sedating, so take it at bedtime. I haven 't needed sleep meds since I started this medication either. I have a high stress job and have found I can leave work at work. I haven 't been stressing on the little things. I highly recommend this for OCD.
This drug has worked tremendously for me. I take it 2x a day with food and it has almost ended my rushing to the bathroom. I can go about my life without always knowing where the bathroom is. It has some bloating and gas side effects but it cut my IBS-D down to shreds. I use to go 8-10 times a day and now I have a much more normal schedule. Cannot praise this drug enough!
I was on Celexa for a year and it did nothing.  I switched to Paxil and it has helped lessen my symptoms. I am on 40mg.
Ive always been a moody person, but since having my 2nd child it had become a whole new animal. PMDD had left me feeling very lonely, helpless and worthless, I was tired of hearing myself apologize again for my awful behaviour during those last 2 weeks of my cycle, only to find myself back there 2 weeks later, My kids were suffering, my relationhip was too and At my lowest during my cycle, I was starting to plan my suicide. I went to my doctor, sure he would just brush me off, thinking it was just you know, slamming cupboards and sore boobs (if only!!)  I went during my down weeks so he could see the state I was in, I was so desperate for relief.  Started Celexa that day and its changed my life, if you have PMDD you must try this.
I 'm a 5 ' 7&quot;, 197 lb, 46 year old female. Started Saxenda back on 2/11/16 with the standard .6 dose and lost 8 lbs the first 2 weeks. Had a migraine a couple of days in but didn 't know if it was med or a coincidence.  I stayed on the lower dose a long as possible - any time I increased it the nausea would worsen. The sample pen my gyno gave me ran out before we could get insurance approval. I have BCBS and was approved for a 3 months supply at $85. When I went back on the med, got another headache just as before so guess it was the reason. It only lasted a day each time. The main side affect I 've experienced is EXTREME fatigue. Have to make myself do stuff. Hubby says he doesn 't know if it 's worth it. I 'm hoping it lessens with time.
On Nexium for 15 years
I take this after Biatric surgery had lots of stomach bleeds so l have to take this drug for the rest of my life
It 's my fourth post, been taking this medicine and watching what I eat been dieting since May 9th I have lost 106 pounds. I would recommend this to anybody.
I had a toe nail fungus years ago, and used terbinafine. I didn 't have any side effects. It cleared my toenail fungus.    This is my second time using the medication, due to me getting toenail fungus again from a nail salon :(  I 'm very happy with the medication . It really works. My husband and I see changes already, clear beautiful toenails once again. I 'm happy, and very satisfied .
I have now finished my second picato treatment for ak. I did the first about 8 months ago. While the process is quite painful and very unsightly for a good 29/24 days, I have been very pleased with not only the results of removing the AK sites but helped my entire face to look smoother, more evenly pigmented with fewer fine lines and weinkles. I did use coconut oil two days after the 3 day topical treatment.  I had severe flsking, cracking, a few blisters and couldn 't open my mouth to eat with the pain. The doctor did prescribe me s lotion to promote healing after the procedure but insurance wouldn 't cover and it would cost $75. I stuck with the coconut oil. more info is needed for patients after treatment
I have been on Ativan/lorazepam for 25 years, for anxiety and panic attacks associated with hypoglycemia.  Doctors say it does not &quot;treat&quot; hypoglycemia, but it has been very helpful in controlling the associated anxiety and panic attacks I had early after diagnosis. 
I was out of hope for any medicine helping me.  Then Lorcet  changed my life by taking my pain away. I am so thankful for the pain relief from my Rheumatoid Arthritis and Neuropathy.
I 'm going into my 5th month on accutane at 60mg. The first 4 months yielded minimal if any results and I got the biggest cystic lesion in my history of acne in the 3rd month. Now, my skin is cleared of acne lesions and congestion. My skin is red, sensitive, and scarred and hyper pigmented. My eyes are dry and my lips require Aquaphor frequently. Overall, this medication has brought me confidence that I forgot I had. My derm said &quot;wow look at your skin it looks wonderful.&quot; It made me emotional to hear. If you are considering this drug for persistent acne then my recommendation is to make this decision with your doctor. You will not be disappointed. Nothing else worked for me and I tried every med out there topically and orally, hormonally.
I tried several other medications to treat my anxiety and panic attacks, this is the only medication that made me feel good without feeling like a zombie..
No asthma systems since using this medicine.
Both my wife &amp; I have a ten year + history of opioid abuse in one form or another. We have undergone various treatment options numerous times, such as Rapid Opiate Detox, 28 Day In-Patient Rehabs, 3 Day In-Patient Buprenorphine treatment (before it was available out-patient) &amp; Out-Patient Suboxone, Cold Turkey, &quot;Kick-Kits&quot;, the &quot;Thomas Method&quot;, Ibogaine/Iboga Treatment &amp; finally Methadone. It has been via Methadone that we have got our lives back in order, off the streets, no longer active in high-risk scenarios like IV drug use &amp; prostitution. It works, plain &amp; simple.
I smoked for over 40 years. I went thru the Chantix regime and have never looked back. I have been a non-smoker now for 8 years. I do not miss the smokes at all. Well worth very penny.
I started taking Singulair about 10 years ago when it was fairly new. It changed my life, I am not aware of side effects, but I NEVER WHEEZE! It is the best drug over and I would recommend if you use your albuterol inhaler more than twice a week, take this medicine! I was using my rescue inhaler almost daily, now I NEVER use them, I keep one on hand, but I throw it out annually and get a replacement so I always have a fresh one, just in case.
I just want to start by saying don&rsquo;t let the bad reviews scare you! I was particularly nervous about the pain as a 18 year old after reading others&rsquo; bad experiences, but I am on day 4 post insertion and feeling great! I took ibuprofen, misoprostol and adavan (lol) before the procedure because I&rsquo;d backed out once before because of anxiety. My advice? Grit your teeth and breathe. I did feel nauseous after insertion but the doctors were very sweet and let me rest and have juice. I would not recommend trying to drive yourself home afterwards, because cramps and dizziness remain, although are relieved with a heating pad. I got it in the day before thanksgiving and still had a healthy appetite! Cramps and spotting have started up but it&rsquo;s all worth it
I 've tried everything nothing worked.  I had both an ulcer and acid reflux.  Protonix worked the day I got it. One of the pharmacies tried to use generic and I had all the symptoms all over again. Doctor found out about the generic brand, fixed the problem with the real Protonix. Problem solved.  Protonics is the answer for me.
The best of the Benign Prostate Hyperplasia medicines.
I am a 36 yo male , I am a Student Pastor , i started Contravene on June 3rd 2016.  I use to be in great shape , but over the years I 've let it slip away. Every youth event it was Pizza, Burgers or Hot dogs, so you can imagine how quickly the weight can get put on. I stepped on the scale at the doctors office and was embarrassed , 290pds. The Doctor recommended a Jump start to help me with my weight loss that I so desperately needed. I was borderline  diabetic .I read a lot of reviews and was worried about the side effects. Seems like I was a lucky one , I have had nothing but a small dose of dizziness (just the first week)  , but other than that it has been Great!!! I am About to start 4th week now , and I have already lost 22 pounds.
I have been taking Zometa for Breast Cancer with Metastasis to the bones and have been on it 8 months now and I have only had minor aches and pains... no major complications from the drug.
I 've been taking Vraylar for schizophrenia for over 6 months. It has been the best anti-psychotic to date for me. The only downside is I still experience weight gain. I 'm looking to continue this drug until a better one comes out. I 've been stabilized and happy for the first time since my illness started 6 years ago.
I 'd say this is a good/decent pill overall, but pills are decidedly not for me - too annoying to keep track of the time I take it each day, and my already large boobs grew!  I don 't think I 've gained much, if any, weight other than in my chest, but I 've had some nausea every day I take the active pill and I might be running a bit warmer/sweatier than my normal temperature.  I 've felt a little blue but I 'm very sensitive to hormones (I have PMDD and take antidepressants for it).  I know it 's been effective so far because I have migraines when I ovulate and no migraines on the pill, so I 'm taking that to mean I 'm not ovulating!  Probably just gonna use condoms from now on, though, tbh.
Its the only Corticosteroid that dosen 't give me thrush! I 've stayed on this one....
I started it a few days ago. It helps me stay focused and less anxious in public situations.
Bunavail takes forever to dissolve.  I timed my last dose (by the way im day 5 on Bunavail) &amp; no kidding it took near 3hrs to fully dissolve!   It also cakes up quite a bit on gums teeth. NOW the Pro 's, it last all day from morning through night till next morning... that 's a single film!  It taste wonderful and yuck and burn sensation i got occasionally under tongue with Suboxone.   Now there 's no dopey high like u get on subs, more like a sedative but happy vibe just not High as a kite.   As i said im day 5  on Bunavail and i still prefer Suboxone but wanna finish the month on it to give a fair shake.
I used chantix twice before this.. and quit every time..hubby and I were on a cruise..just days shy of 4 years quit..and well....he had a bright idea to buy cigarettes at the store on the ship duty free..because it was so cheap. .and we would quit when we got off the ship..after a few no..no no 's well 15 months later i just started taking chantix at thanksgiving 2015..and here it is 8 days later..and every cigarette i smoke tastes horrible..i went from a pack a day to 3 per day..in fact.my pack is empty and i am not buying another..so today is my quit day..i have had some nausea at times ..lasting a few minutes..and very interesting vivid dreams..not scary..or bad ..but I feel the dreams disrupt my sleep..and make me tired during the day.
10 MONTH RETIN-A USER :In the begining of summer 2013 I had the worst break out ever! My forehead was full of pimples. I couldn 't stand it anymore so I went to go see my doctor and he prescribed me Retin-A. It says to apply everyday over night after washing your face. So I applied it every night and the first three weeks my acne was okay by the second month I had another mild breakout but by the third month it began to calm down again. By the fourth the skin around my nose started to peel and it was very itchy. Because of this I applied alchol free/ fragrance free lotion and my skin got better. By the 6th month my acne was under control! I only had a couple of pimples here &amp; there. But the product works wonders! It just takes patience!
Hello, all. I was diagnosed with Herpes Simplex 1 early 2016. Began taking Valacyclovir everyday once diagnosed. It has completely saved my life and my confidence. It 's an easy pill to take and haven 't had any outbreaks or symptoms since the initial outbreak. If you 're suffering... this is the medication to take! Best wishes to all!
I have been on Victoza for quite a long while now.  I was between 278 and 287 pounds when I started and my blood sugar was not good.  I have been taking the Victoza well over a year now and am down to 215 pounds, quite amazing really as the medicine makes you not want to eat and you feel full with only a little food.However, the nausea is the worst and getting accustomed to the medicine is the hardest part.  Yes, you should not take Victoza on an empty stomach.  I had started taking it in the early mornings.  But sometimes even though I ate a little something, once the nausea started then up came everything I had ever eaten in my life. It happens really fast!  Just don 't give up the fight, the good is better than the bad!
I thought I could manage without medication but after 2 months I fell into the black hole yet again. This time my Doctor put me on Pristiq and it gave me an unexpected benefit.   A few years ago I had a right hip replacement but it kept pulling out and I would fall down. It then dislocated altogether and I had to have another operation and after a year it dislocated again. This year Jan 2017 I had my other hip replaced.  Not surprisingly the fear of falling was extreme.  After 4 weeks on Pristiq I found I can walk without aids. I would like Pristiq to help stop the negative thoughts that roll around my head however I will stay on Pristiq regardless because it is the difference in being able to walk or be incapacitated by fear and anxiety.
I have been smoking since I was 13 yrs old, I am now 57 yrs old. I had quit before using the patch. With success for 4 yrs. Then I started back up ,(Being addicted to smoking) So in 2014 I tried Chantix.I stopped the Chantix, (stupid me) and continued smoking til Oct of 2017. The Chantix cost me $410.00 cuz I have no health insurance. So on Thanksgiving eve was my last cig. I have NO cravings. And feel GREAT !!!!!. Be patient.I did not give myself a quit date, ( To stressful). U will just not want a cig. It does work. Chantix has not given me weird dreams or upset stomach.
I started the 15 day trial and wow does it work for me. I lost 5lbs in the first 5 days and couldn 't be happier. It stops the over obsessing about food, makes you not even hungry. It allows you to eat the way you always wanted to, smaller portions. Sometimes I have to remind myself to eat... Works on me wonderfully. Will be getting the whole supply after my first 15 is over. Good luck all.
I was 318 pounds when I went through a gastric-sleeve surgery on 04/26/11 and lost 167 pound. The chromium helped me to avoid sugar.
I had sex with my boyfriend 1/29 around 3am and he came inside of me for the first time (and last). I was fertile and my ovulatation date was 2/1. I freaked out because we are always careful and I 'm not on birth control. So He went to out and bought the pill a hour after we had sex. I was suppose to get my period 2/15, but I 'm glad to say it came two days early! The waiting period is stressful because you don 't want to be that unlucky 5% but if you take it soon as possible and abstain from sex or use protection it will work! The only side effect I had was abdominal pain, but it went away in 3 days. Plan b is GREAT and only a TEMPORARY fix. I hope this is helpful and that it works for you ladies as well.
Ive spent a lifetime with itchy, watery eyes. Even had surgery to open my tear ducts and the tears still ran down my face.  A friend recommended these and let me try them before spending the big bucks. I IMMEDIATELY had relief that I haven 't had in years! Luckily my insurance covers it and I 'm only out $20, but I would honestly spend whatever it takes to have this stuff.  I can finally wear eye makeup and keep it on more than an hour, and people have stopped asking me why I 'm crying.
I 'll keep this short. Before Zoloft I was highly irritable. Couldn 't keep a girlfriend even when they were crazy about me. I couldn 't get along with my mom. I lost a lot of friends also with my mood swings and the way I would lash out at people for the smallest things.Then I started taking it. Sertraline changed my life. I kept the longest job ever. Before I couldn 't keep a job long because I would always annoy someone out. I had my longest most healthy relationship ever. My mom and I were like best friends. Then when I could get down in the dumps emotionally it would be rare but far worse then I would be if I wasn 't on Zoloft. 
Awesome pain inhibitor for this condition but I had too many side effects like heart palpitations and hair loss.
My sweating is confined to my head and face. I must be the only one because the posts I 've read is under arms, feet and hands. So I went to my dermatologist. I wanted Hypercare but he opted for the slightly weaker medication Xerac to start. It really stung my forehead the first  time, I left it on for three hours and had to wipe it off my face. Scalp was okay. Next day head sweat cut by 75 % I 'd say. So last night it did not sting at all on my face. Left it on all night. Will see how I do today.
Naproxen is the only thing that will make my gout subside when I have an attack.
This artical says it 's not known what happens with overdose of Prometrium but I can tell you do not take 2 doses at once. I normally take 800mg/day for last 1/2 of my cycle to suppress catamenial seizures. It works great with no negative side effects. I take 200mg every 6 hours. I recently missed a 200mg dose so I took 400mg at once. I was completely anesthesized for a couple of hours. Body went jelly-like. Everything slowed way down to the point that words came too slowly, if at all. Family opted to take me to the ER. Later was determined I was likely not in danger of dying but was clearly knocked out for a while. Memory of much of those 2 hours is totally lost to me. Family says I was pleasant and cooperative but out of it.
MICONAZOLE 1 DAY TREATMENT 1200 mg.           You know, everyone seems to have had a problem with this drug. But its been almost 12 hours since I 've put my little egg capsule in and I have experienced zero pain, itching, or burning. Very easy to use. Make sure to wear a pad or pantyliner because you WILL discharge. I want to note that this is also my first vaginal yeast infection and I 'm only 14 years old! It seems to be working pretty well and my vag is feeling better already! I 'm assuming I 'm either one in a million or these women on here are being over dramatic. Hope it works just as well for everyone else who end up using
This completely saved me. I tried so many medications for my severe bilateral sciatica, and NOTHING was stopping the horrible pain and cramping. This medication (at about 5mg) gives me 90-95% relief. it is a complete miracle for me. May have saved my life. My only complaint is that it makes me quite drowsy all the time. I feel as though I am walking through water. Very lethargic. I do curse my so-called medical professionals for not suggesting it for 7 hellish weeks!!!
I had suffered with severe panic, and anxiety disorder for years. After trying every medication out there, including effexor, I felt that there was no hope. I finally found a Dr. that actually listened to my symptoms and he put me on klonopin. I can now function properly through out my day. I never thought that I would feel the way I did before my disorder started. I so thankful that there is hope, and that I don 't have to suffer through the days any longer.
I definitely recommend Mirena.  I have used it for 5 years, and just got my old one taken out, and the new one in.  My period was nonexistent within the first 3 months, after some initial irregular spotting.  I have used birth control pills and the Depo shot in the past, and I had tons of side effects from both, so Mirena is a welcome change.  The only downside for me was a couple of ovarian cysts within the first year, which have not come back.  The insertion was extremely painful for me both times, with severe cramping for hours afterwards, but totally worth it.
I got the skyla inserted three days ago and I have to say, it really wasn 't bad. (I 've never been pregnant btw) Yes, it hurt for a few seconds but nothing like the unbearable pain that some women are talking about. I completely understand that each person is going to have a different experience but if you are thinking about this type of birth control, don 't rule it out for fear of pain. For me, the insertion felt pretty similar to period cramping. Not a cakewalk but if you 're used to horrendous period cramps, very very tolerable. I have some cramping still but it is very manageable; I can get rid of it with a heating pad. and I cry when I get shots so you know I have a low pain tolerance. All in all a good experience I 'm happy!
I was prescribed Tramadol after a herniated disc in my lower back and 50mg gives me great pain relief for about 6 hours.  If the pain is really bad then 100mg works wonders as well.  I have not experienced any negative side effects.  This medicine also puts me in a GREAT mood and helps with some symptoms of depression which makes it much easier to get through the day. I would recommend Tramadol to anyone experiencing pain.
I would go a year  with no period. When I did, it would last 3-6 weeks with debilitating cramps &amp; severe bleeding (bleed through a Super  tampon in a few hours). Previous 2 docs said this was normal for someone not on birth control. Finally found a new doc &amp; he ordered blood work &amp; an ultrasound. Come to find out, my estrogen levels were super low, testosterone was high, &amp; I had Polycystic Ovary Syndrome (PCOS). Since starting this birth control; my period happens like clockwork, it only lasts 3-4 days, &amp; the pain has practically disappeared, only light cramps now &amp; then. No significant weight or mood changes-already had issues with both to begin with. Definitely no change in sex drive.
I got my Nexplanon put in a couple months ago.  Insertion was easy and painless.  I used to be extremely moody on my period and I think that this levelled out my hormones.  When I get my period I 'm never moody or crampy.  Only thing is I get my period for a long period of time, but it 's very light so it 's easy to deal with.  Very effective and I 'd highly recommend this product to anyone!
I had this IUD put in 10 weeks postpartum. I trust my OBGYN, he reassured me that if I can handle birth, I can handle this. My sister also has the same IUD and told me the discomfort is hardly anything. My OB 's med student placed the IUD under my OB 's supervision. It was cake. There was a slight pinching, hardly cramping. Every woman 's body is different. Birthing both my babies was easy (as birth goes) and this was nothing. Every body is different. My expierence was very positive. My OB reassured me the hormones are centralized, that it stays in the uterus and does not climb to the brain or breasts. My baby is safe to nurse. I was slighty uncomfortable during the day, but it dissipated quickly. 1 - 10, 10 being screaming pain, it was a 2
I have now been on butrans patch for 3 months.initially starting on 5mg then increasing to 10 mg after the first monthThis is to manage chronic pain in my right arm due to impinged nerve on c5.I was originally on same meds as previous times solpadol and pregabalin increased from 75mg x2 per day to 150 x 2 per day plus 75mg. I just couldn 't function on them they made me quick to respond and affected my memory and life.Never looked back after butrans patch I am much more like the real me still slight pain but bearable enough to manage without painkillers. Have gone from getting home and going straight to bed to at least having some normality again.Makes me feel a bit tired after work but good side is dulls appetite so have lost 1 stone.
Age 48 and have struggled with depression for years. I have no other MH disorder and had no luck with antidepressants. Prozac increased suicidal ideation and with Zoloft I felt occasional &quot;zapping&quot; in my brain (I have no other way to describe it, but it 's happened to others). Finally decided to try Wellbutrin 150 mg QD. I 'm mad at myself for not trying it sooner! Now, depressive episodes are very infrequent and last less than 30 minutes. The low is very manageable, however at times when I should be sad, it 's like I can 't be. I also have tons of energy, when in the past I 'd struggle to get out of bed. Unfortunately I haven 't had any weight loss. The down side is that I am experiencing some insomnia, but I 'd rather that than the alternative.
Soolantra is the best way of controlling outbursts of flare ups for my rosacea. I apply soolantra in the morning after I have my shower and less than 30 minutes after I have applied soolantra the redness has faded so much its fantastic. I have soolantra on my face for a maximum of an hour each morning before I start my usual skin care routine and apply my makeup. I have no confidence but it would now be possible to go make up free. The lumpy effect of rosacea is vertically none exsistant now and it is impossible to tell that I am a rosacea sufferer now with my make up on as no tell tale lumps to give the game away. I strongly recommend this product. I have tried many medications and home remedies and food avoidance nothing worked this good
I like this sleeping aid, I can 't sleep and have a tough time going to sleep at night, some nights I sleep other I don 't and stay up for days until I 'm so tired that I fall out, I tried this drug 5mg and I love it so far, There is always some draw back for all drugs when I woke up the next morning, I was drowsy but I snapped out of it a little while later and felt good, refreshed. I 'm not saying it didn 't work, It really did, it 's the first test and time I am taking it and I tell you it might not work all the time but I will give it a try, so far so good
This is my first birth control. When I first got on, I got acne really bad on the side of my face and also I got cramps really bad. But now about 3 months later, that does not happen anymore and it keeps my face pretty clear, except when my period is about to start, I sometimes get a pimple or two. But what I did notice is that I have really really bad mood swings every time my period is about to start, I don 't know why. Just try it for yourself!
Never had any problems. Have been on it two times (1st for two years while breastfeeding eldest and this time with number 2).
Coming to the end of treatment with Harvoni with two days left of an eight week period on them.Only side effect was very slight rash on back of hands.No other side effects noticeable.In fact my quality of life improved greatly after only a few days as had Hepatitis C for forty years and my whole body was suffering from it.First blood test after two week treatment came back undetected and has remained undetected.Very, very grateful for this medicine and for Doctor 's and staff who have been taking care of me.Thank you.
Relieves about 90% of scaling and itch.
I should have been on this sooner.  I 'm a 26 year old recent law school graduate enduring the bar exam- unfortunately twice.  My first round of studying I was crying daily, couldn 't sleep, was irritable, extremely depressed, anxious- I am normally these things, but it was heightened by the bar exam.  My first time taking the exam, I didn 't come close to finishing the exam on the second day.  I was crying and couldn 't control my panic attacks.  Second round of studying for the test, I decided to see a psychiatrist who gave me Prozac.  I love it.  I feel like a normal person.  A better version of who I was.  I feel even, I don 't have panic attacks, don 't cry, I feel great.
Great after prostate cancer operation. It helps you when you need it.
Took this last week under the directions of my pharmacist. I ate a full dinner (burger and some veg) and waited 45 minutes to an hour before taking my 4 large pink pills. My pharmacist and my doctor both recommended staying away from dairy in the meal before I took the pills.Went to bed feeling a little nauseous but, that could have been nerves because of all the reviews on here. I slept through the night, totally fine. No diarrhea, no vomiting. Got my lab results back this morning and I 'm in the clear.
Had been sick for going on a month now, First round of antibiotics was Amoxicillin 875 for 5 days. It worked up until day 5 and then had one of the worst rebounds I have experienced in a while. I am only on day 2 and I haven 't felt this clear in months. I am a bit paranoid about the tendon and muscle warnings since I play soccer so I simply won 't be doing any strenuous activities for a while. Then again, I tend to freak out when the slightest thing happens to me so we 'll just see. You MUST drink lots of water with this Medicine.. it will surely dry you out. I was taking this with Allegra D 24 hour... and so far so good. Hopefully side effects won 't be too bad if any at all. It does make you really tired though.
I have been taking Wellbutrin for about a month and a half. Have taken Effexor, duloxetine, reboxitine, citalopram and have not had any real benefit from any of them, but I have from Wellbutrin. I haven 't felt this normal in more years than I can remember and my creativity is back.
I 've switched to 3M 's new Clinpro 5000 formula, which was highly recommended by my dentist. I 've been using the product for several months and thus far I 've experienced less sensitity and my teeth just feel better.
I have taken monthly injections for the past 6 months.  I had a very difficult time for the first 6 weeks of treatment, but since then have not had many side effects.  I had severe stomach cramping initially, along with migraines and mood swings.  As those side effects subsided, the hot flashes began.  With the hot flashes came nausea and unpredictable crying fits.  My doctor put me on a low dose of Estradiol and Prozac.  Within a few days, I was pretty much back to my old self, minus the horrible belly pains.  I have to say overall the good outweighs the bad.
My daughter was on the Daytrana patch for 2 years and did very well during most of that time. Daytrana was a breath of fresh air. She was still a normal child with high spirits.  She did well in school and maintained friendships.  My complaints about the Daytrana patch was the skin irritation.  Her skin reddened and eventually scarred. It would take at least 2 hours in the morning to &quot;kick-in&quot; which was hell for her homeroom and 1st hr teachers. 2 hours after removal she was EXTREMELY hyperactive. Days without the patch were agonizing at best because her behavior was so over the top. She also did not eat while the patch was on. However, the benefits outweighed the negatives for me.
I 've had Type-2 Diabetes for a few years.. and have gained over 100lbs. I have been on the Metformin for a month and have lost 28lbs. Glucophage is amazing but I will admit at first I was very sick. After a about a week I started to feel normal again.
I was prescribed 5mg tablets and although the Valium makes me feel a bit drowsy it one hundred percent helps with my anxiety.
Clencing of the jaw and bladder irritation are severe sideffects I have been having since starting fluoxetine, most if perimenapausal symptoms diminished however, side effects are quite severe.
I was on Armore compound 90 mg for last 2 years but started on the new Armore formula and had trouble with too much T3 and went to hyperthyroid. My endocrinologist changed me to Tirosint and it is a gel cap form, which is easy on the system. They are individual packaged, don 't know why. After a few weeks I had a flare of hives and itching and some hair loss, but now I seem to be doing great! I will be excited to test my blood work to see the levels in a few weeks. I am hoping it will help with my fertility. 
Cymbalta has changed my life. I suffer from anxiety and trichotillomania which is an obsessive hair pulling disorder which stems from the anxiety. I 've tried many different medications such as Prozac and Zoloft etc. I had bad luck with those. The first two weeks on Cymbalta was rough. I was very very dizzy, felt sick and did not want to eat. I was very tired and would sweat. I started to take the medication at night because the dizziness was too much. After a week they upped the dosage and it got a little better. Three weeks I felt relieved and by week five, I felt amazing. I feel like a normal person, my mind is clear, I 'm not anxious and I stopped pulling my hair. The side effects went away except for being slightly tired.
I liked it - it helped me sleep
I have been taking Yaz for over 3 years.  I needed a birth control pill to take when I was on Accutane for acne, and this is the one my Ob/gyn prescribe. Well I can 't say what impact the Yaz had on my acne, since I was also taking Accutane and that would have had a much bigger effect but I did like the lighter and shorter periods.What I didn 't expect was for my periods to get lighter and lighter and eventually become non-existent.  I haven 't had a period in over two years.  I didn 't experience any weight gain.  I have no other side effects, and my skin is still clear. I have nothing bad to say about it.
I have had my Mirena for 3.5 years now, and I think it 's wonderful. I got it when I was 18 years old - I am not a candidate for most other forms of birth control because of my migraine headaches, so Mirena seemed like a good solution.  For insertion, my gynecologist numbed my cervix with an injection which helped buffer some of the pain. I experienced significant cramping for a few hours after it was put in, but a heat pad and a day of rest was enough to keep it very bearable. Since then my periods have become progressively lighter and shorter (now they only last for one day, and bleeding is so light that I rarely use pads or tampons), and I never get cramps. Bottom line = I love it. Talk to your gynecologist!
I have been taking Xyrem for my narcolepsy for 6 months.  It is wonderful to feel like a productive, normal person again.
I was on OrthoTriCyclenLo for about 3 years. I had to switch off this pill because my insurance didn 't cover it anymore and there was no way I 'd be paying $109 per pack. I didn 't have any bad side effects on this pill. I noticed I gained about 10lbs over the years on this pill, but I wouldn 't 100% blame that on the pill, I 'd say it 's more to do with me not working out and stuffing my face. My boobs grew 3 cup sizes. I was a 36C before, then worked my way up to a 32DDD. My acne cleared up completely and if I ever did get pimples it was always around the same time in the same spot. My periods were 3-5 days and they were very light with little to no cramps. No condoms with bf and never had a pregnancy scare. I would recommend OrthoTriCyclenLo.
I have hereditary Depression, Bipolar Type 2, PTSD, High Anxiety, Insomnia, and I am also breast feeding baby #4. (I also suffer from Severe Post Partum Depression beginning late in my pregnancies.) I have been on over 50 combinations of medications.  (I caution you readers to be leery of reviews by those who prior took addictive medications to Vistaril, as they may have formed a biased addiction to their previous meds.)  I am currently taking Prozac and Vistaril. My best medication combination when not pregnant or breast feeding was Prozac and Doxepin. The Vistaril is helping so greatly with both my anxiety and insomnia that I am switching permanently! I can even take Vistaril if my anxiety flares, plus it is not addictive! Loving it!!!
Doxilamine succinate make me sleep very good , with no side efects ,
I have been taking Savella for about 3 weeks and it has made such a difference in my life.  I felt like I was ready to just give up for the last year it was getting so hard to push through the pain and being tired and sleepy all the time.  I went to my doctor and she gave me Savella and gave me my life back.  I have suffered no side effects yet and I hope I don 't because I haven 't felt this good in a very long time.  If you haven 't tried this please do ...it could change your life.
I was previously taking 150 mg for years and it stopped working. Just started 300 mg XL three days ago and I feel great! I suffer from mild depression and anxiety/rage. In one day I noticed I had more energy and felt an overall feeling of hope and joy. I also have a terrible sweet tooth and noticed that it took my cravings away (I didn 't expect that!). Since the holidays are here, people have been giving me chocolate and baked goods and I 'm not even tempted. I feel great!
I am a RN who suffers from severe social anxiety and moderate depression.  Symptoms associated with SAD have included inability to write in front of others, eat in public, public speaking.  Even drinking in front of others was difficult for me.  I hated the shaking, heart racing/pounding, and everything else that went along with this horrible affliction! I remember it all starting around 15 years old but never could understand why.  I 'm 41 yrs old today and my anxieties have affected my life negatively and held me back in so many ways.  I never felt normal.  Many years and meds later, I came to believe my life would never change.  That I would never feel &quot;normal&quot; around people. Then I found Cymbalta..changed my life!
I found that this drug helped extremely well in my battle to quit smokeing. I did suffer from almost every non leathal side effect it can give you aside from sevier depression. I was a 15 year smoker and used the starter pack to quit. I have been two months shy of a year smoke free.
I take Savodi and Deklenza  together once a day and genotype 3A.  I 've had a few side effects that 's listed but nothing that I can 't deal with. The most   Bothersome side effects for me is  it feels like my insides are slightly burning.  I can hold my hand and inch from my body especially over my tummy area and I can feel heat radiating off of my skin   Two weeks after taking these medications together my RNA came back less than 15 so I 'm completing this course I 'm very excited
I 've seen so many negative comments about Sprintec but honestly I love it. I 've been on multiple other birth controls but this one is the one for me. The first month (more like week) I got the regular symptoms like nausea and vomiting but that 's always been normal for me. I used to have extremely bad acne as well and Sprintec helped me with it. After the first 2 weeks, I noticed how less oily my face had gotten and how I glowed. I definitely recommend at least trying this pill for the first 3 months!
I 'm prescribed Avita along with clindamycin phosphate and these products are the ONLY products that 's able to clear my skin. In addition my skin is left with a luminous glow, texture and dark spots are cleared also. My skin is extra soft too, and though I 'm only 18 and do not have wrinkles, I get 0% of its presence (due to dry skin usually left with expression lines. However with the use of this medicine I don 't).
Had terrible head cold; Veramyst worked very well keeping sinuses dry and open.  Also, this is the first nasal spray that did NOT irritate my nose/sinsuses.  I 'm happy after using for five days.
After trying many other medications &amp; various limits on certain types of food, my Dr. ordered 10 mg at bedtime. Within 2 days, my Irritable Bowel was controllable. I still have to watch what I eat, but at least I can leave the house and have a normal life.
This is my 2nd post. Today makes 4 weeks and total I have lost is 13 lbs so it averages to 3.25 per week, I still work out at least 4 x per week maybe more. I am making lifestyle changes and still doing weight watchers to keep track of my points. My goal is to be on better choices so that when its time to stop taking the medicines I will not gain any of it back. I will post again in another few weeks. Good luck everyone.
This medicine has given me a new life by allowing me a good nights sleep.
Am mid-way into my 2nd week and wanted to report preliminary results.  I am a comfort/stress eater who gained 70 pounds in 2 years.  No side effects, other than being tired at the end of the day (which is not a reported side effect, so maybe from change in diet).   I am still hungry, but it is easier to turn away from night-time snacks.  I was able to turn away from my children 's Halloween candy, which was a first.  I didn 't want a cafe con leche this morning (sweet/milk) - which is my constant craving.  I 've had modest weight loss, which I started about 2 weeks prior to the Contrave, for a total of 15 pounds in just under 4 weeks. Starting weight 201, 5 '5&quot; female, mid 40 's. Time will tell, so far so good.
My experience with SSRIs have been terrible. I 've been on Cipralex and Sertraline and they haven 't worked at all. My doctor was really excited for me to try this one and I finally caved. The first few days were normal and the side effects were minimal (dry mouth, constipation, low appetite, a bit of drowsiness) but that all was manageable and went away pretty quickly. By the 9th day, I woke up and I just knew something was different. It 's like my eyes were open and I had my life back. Having had depression for about a year, I always felt this grey cloud and weight constantly taking over my body and life. By the 7th week, mood + motivation was wonderfully back. I have my life back. Please try this if you can.
I am on my second month of Contrave and I am down 18lbs. I follow a lower carb diet and exercise about 2-3 times a week. First medicine that has helped me lose. I normally lose and gain back due to hormone issues, but this actually works! I would recommend to anyone.
I recently had a back operation and was put on Roxicodone and 20 mg Opana ER. It works very well in my opinion. I am able to move around more and not sleep all day due to pain, I would recommend it for anyone with chronic or severe pain.
I had to roll myself out of bed each morning and wake up every night just trying to turn over in pain, it hurt so bad I used to cry. I also have restless legs and arms. They gave me this medication and I am so thankful. It is such a blessing for me. It seems like a miracle when I go from being unable to walk upright to being able to move pain free. It stops my legs and arms from moving too. It is the only medication that has helped. I want to thank my doctor for helping me have some quality of life.
Just completed my colonoscopy today.  Due to family history, I have them every 3-4 years.  This was my second time with Suprep and was (again) very pleased.  Easy to drink (as these things go) and bowel prep was effective/painless.  No issues during the night (after round one) and the prep the next morning had me completely prepared for a good procedure.
This medication saved my life at a time when I was severely suicidal.  I finally feel &quot;normal&quot; after 5 years battling MDD and GAD.  Tired citalopram, vibryd, Zoloft, Effexor, Xanax and some others I can 't remember.  Tried holistic and homeopathic remedies.  I just kept getting worse and worse.  I have no side effects, my depression and anxiety is completely manageable and I feel like I have my life back.
My experience with Nexplanon has been a emotional and physical roller coaster, I feel that this BC is very effective due to the fact that your always bleeding. About the first week of Nexplanon was normal, and after that my life has been really crazy. mind you I have been on this product for almost 7 and a half months, I just thought that all the spotting was supposed to happen. When I tell you (minus the first 2 weeks) I have been spotting ever since I got it put in; I have LITERALLY been spotting ever since I got it in. I do not recommend this product unless you like to be on your period all the time. Even though I am not pregnant this birth control was controlling my life. I 'm getting it taken out soon.
I 'm not even up to the full dose on this medication and I feel great! Started 1.5 mg about a week ago going up to 3 mg tomorrow. My anxiety is gone and I haven 't needed any Ativan. I 'm happier and more up beat. It 's so nice to feel like myself again after two years feeling a little off. The only thing was I experienced some nausea the first few days but I think it 's going away.
As a chronic relapsing opiate addict, Vivitrol has been an excellent medication to aid my recovery. Have not noticed many side effects, if any. Basically eliminates my cravings for opiates and alcohol and provides good mental insurance knowing that if I do use opiates, I will get no effect from them.
Oh it works and it works well. Took about 3 hours to kick in and now I have the dribbles. It&rsquo;s like freaking Niagra Falls now! Beginning to wonder if I am going to have to take an Imodium to counteract the MC. I drank the full bottle over the course of an hour and followed it up with some water.
100 % effective for my High Blood Pressure.
I got it inserted in August  2014 and I know it was supposed to cause an irregular period. The first period I had was 4 weeks, then 3 then 2...I am on it currently (February 17 2015) and I 've been on it since December 28 2014. I am having extreme migranes, nausea, cramps, mood swings and dizziness. Hopefully these symptoms will clear out and I will stop my period soon and have a regular one, or else I 'm getting it taken out. It works because I 'm not pregnant; but how am I supposed to have sex when I 'm always on my period? I 've also gained 15 pounds and I don 't think its worth all the side effects
Methadone has saved my life.
I am very happy with Concerta. I am 17 years old and started taking this about 3 months ago. Before I took this, I had a lot of trouble in school with paying attention and focusing, and after I took it, I noticed an immediate difference and it was so much easier to focus and pay attention. Another really positive feedback from Concerta is that it helps me engage in conversation more because I am more focused and I don 't interrupt people like I used to. Also, it helps me think things through more.
I 've used this for 2 years and have had no problems whatsoever. I previously had an arm implant and experienced spotting and weight gain that wouldn 't stop. After taking Quasense I 've lost weight, no spotting, light &amp; short periods. I use retin a for acne so my skin has been unaffected. I 'm not sure about water retention because I believe that has a lot to do with diet and I 'm athletic so I stay hydrated on a daily basis. I experienced no nausea, headaches, psychological side effects.  And most importantly, no pregnancy.
I am on 40mg of Prilosec for GERD and I have zero heartburn 24 hours a day 7 days a week. Do not forget to take a dose or else the fire monster comes up your throat.
Within 2 weeks, after numerous other medications, my mind came back.  For me this is what I would call a miracle. It gave me energy without jitters, and has helped me think clearer.  The only problem I have had is stomach, but for now I am taking only 20mg and it is better.
I have had this birth control for a little over 6 months now. Two weeks after the implant was inserted (painless) I had my period which last 14 days!  By the time of my second period I only had minimal spotting. I had miserable cramps and psycho mood swings for about two months. By the time of my third period I had no spotting or bleeding at all and the cramps mood swings were subsiding. My skin is the same, I haven 't gained any weight (actually lost a few pounds), a little mood swings, no periods, and no pregnancy. I really like the implant. I don 't have to think about it. The first couple months were rough but now it 's a breeze and I 'm really glad that I have it.
Took my first dose Saturday night.  Wow! What a difference the next morning, I was wide awake, alert and hot to go to my work and my college lessons! As I write this I have been on Xyrem for about three months, and recently started having hand tremors occasionally.  I noticed that one other person (&quot;Anonymous&quot;) mentioned shaking; once in awhile my tremors are strong.  Xyrem certainly has cured my severe narcolepsy, which began about a year ago without warning.  I am glad to see that several people have been on Xyrem for years without any adverse side effects, and no withdrawal symptoms when they stopped briefly. 
This was the 1st night in months I actually slept 8-9 hours. Took this little pill at midnight. Actually, woke up at 5 am due to pain in left knee area due to previous medial/lateral meniscus tear. Had arthroscopic surgery approximately 2 months ago but still painful especially at night. Doctor claims pain is due to arthritis so I sleep with a moist heating pad wrapped around the knee to ease the pain. After waking at approx 5 am, re-wrapped the heating pad around knee and fell back to sleep within minutes. I 've never been able to return to sleep in the past. I used to walk the floors after sleeping 3-4 hrs. Slept until 9:30 this morning.
Originally I was on this pill but then later given samples of Seasonique. That was the worst mistake ever! I was on Seasonique for 9 months and had breakthrough bleeding for 8.5 months! I switched back to Quasense and ever since then I haven 't had a single problem. Awesome pill!
I 've been taking this pill for over a year now and I must say out of 3 different birth control pills I have taken this one seems to be the best! Skin didn 't break out and did not gain or lose any weight. For months at a time I didn 't get no period and that was awesome because my cramps on period are terrible so that was a plus. Honestly I is probably different for each individual but for my self a 19 year old girl at the time weighing 110pounds felt great I do recommend
I use Azor. I love it. I would recommend Azor to everybody that needs a high blood pressure medicine.
Hypercare WORKS! It was fantastic. And since it 's an externally-applied product, your body wont &quot;adapt&quot; to it over time &amp; lessen the effect it can provide.
Works great with almost no side effects. Causes diarrhea in dosage of 1000 mg, but none at lesser dose. No yeast infection.
I 'm scrolling through the reviews of this birth control and I feel as if everyone is really magnifying the weight gain. I personally have lost 30 pounds from starting it a year and a half ago. The weight gain comes from cravings, the same type you have when you 're on your period. If you are aware of these cravings and don 't consistently over eat you won 't gain weight. My Dr. told me that from the get go and I think it made me more conscious of the fact. I have had sporadic bleeding but nothing a light tampon couldn 't handle. It was a minor set back but less of a setback than getting pregnant. Also, if the Dr. couldn 't find it for removal, it was put in wrong. I can literally feel mine under my skin when I touch it.
Saphris has helped me a ton.  My anxiety and insomnia were so bad that no other med would calm me down enough so that I could sleep.  Saphris is very strange to me because unlike other drugs (seroquel, xanax) I do not feel it &quot;kick in&quot;.  All I know is that I end up asleep with no problems.  If I am having a panic attack, I will take a dose of it and my symptoms completely go away within a half hour.  It has been three years and it still works great.
Have used this drug for several years - I started when Alesse was no longer carried by my pharmacy.  I have not had any problems at all.  It is also very inexpensive.
I am taking this in conjuction with AC Chemotherapy for IDC Breast Cancer. I am 40 years old and haven 't had much aching that I couldn 't take care of with Advil. Not a bad trade-off for good white blood cell numbers.
I take 20 mg of Celexa and 300 of Welbutrin. When I don 't take them, I 'm much more irritable. I can still feel sadness and happiness, I just feel level somehow. If you stop cold turkey, it causes nausea, for me anyways, and i can tell I feel different off them. Still have some obsessive tendencies but overall, I wouldn 't want to not take them.
Had no side effectSo whatsoever.  I read a lot of reviews stating how some women felt sick. I absolutely didn 't get any symptoms.
I have been on Contrave for 7 weeks and have lost 10 lbs with no change in exercise.  It has suppressed my appetite.  I have had no side effects other than a bit of an upset stomach for an hour on 2 different days, which went away after I drank some water.  I am very happy with it.  I wish I had started taking it a long time ago. It is worth the money.  Now I just need to ramp up my exercise so I will drop the weight more quickly. I highly recommend this product.
Stops panic attacks dead in their tracks at a high enough dose, but even my prescribed dose is enough to calm things down after about 40 minutes so I can think. Doesn 't help when I 'm manic/hypomanic, but has stopped me from doing more than a couple of silly things while depressed.
Well I me and my girlfriend we 're going at it and I 'm 18. I said I was about to you know and she said just do it so I did haha. It sounded like a good plan at the time but as soon as it happened I freaked out. As we ran to the store an hour after it happened she took the pill and the next day she wasn 't feeling to good and it 's been about a week now, and she started her period today. I 'm so relieved. But it works and don 't stress out like I did.
Suffering from migraines and tension headaches, Prodrin is a life saver. I used to take Midrin, but I couldn 't get it any longer and my pharmacist recommended Prodrin. I don 't know why it isn 't more popular because IT really works. A side effect I get when I have sinus/allergy headaches, is it opens up my nasal passages. I hope they never stop making it.
I was prescribed phentermine almost two years ago for a three  month period. This drug is wonderful! I lost 50 pounds and managed to keep it off! You must use your time while on phentermine to learn how to eat correctly or you will gain the weight back. Be realistic about your portion sizes and give up processed foods. Not only did I lose the weight while on phentermine I continued to lose weight ( 15lb) after I stopped taking the medication due to my new healthy lifestyle. My BMI is normal now!!!
I have suffered from anxiety, muscle spasms, nightmares, tremors, restless legs and mood swings. I have taken 5 mg of Valium, sometimes 10mg on and off since an extremely stressful, nightmare of a divorce my ex dragged on for 3 years.  My attorney suggested Valium, and my regular Doctor had no trouble prescribing this.  30 tablets will often last 3 months - I 've had refills expire, as I only take as needed (since 1995).  This medication has been a life saver for me and when I had PMDD (when it was just BAD PMS-in the  '90 's) I have taken Xanax in the past, and the forgetfulness was unbearable/couldn 't drive, withdrawal was immediate and awful.  No problem with Valium!  My pain dr &amp; regular dr won 't prescribe Valium  to anyone anymore-long half life? Ativan,buspar didn 't help at all.
I have been taking Magnesium Gluconate for over 30 years and it has worked great. It is gentle on the stomach with no side effects.  I have tried Magnesium Oxide and had horrible side effects.
Even though there are many food restrictions, food I dearly love and miss, Parnate has given me my life back. I have been suffering from anxiety and depression all my life and this is the first drug that has actually helped. Thank you for giving me life again.
This is a fantastic medicine. I 'm 31 years old and have struggled with back pain since being about 25. Being very tall (6 '4) many of the issues were put down to my tallness. When the back pain started affecting my breathing I knew something more that being tall was a play. After a number of differing referrals, I was finally passed to a Rheumatology specialist who spotted my symptoms very quickly and suggested my treatment. It took over a month to get the test results and approvals but when I started treatment the results were within a week for me.Now I have next to no pain and I have no real symptoms. The injections are uncomfortable but for 10 seconds of pain for 2 weeks of being able to move and breathe without being in pain is worth it.
I have been on Atenelol 100 mg for 17 years now. I find my body adjusted to the medicine and keeps my blood pressure and pulse rate under control [125/75, 60]. I switched to Amlodipine but that doesn 't work for me and back on to Atenolol.
I have been taking Chlorzoxazone for a couple of years to help with leg muscle pain caused by L4-L5 root damage. It helps significantly reduce my pain. I don 't believe it makes me sleepy, although there may be a little bit of light-headedness.
I 've been on Junel for 10 months now and have no complaints. I had very mild nausea and mood swings for the first 2 months but have not experienced these since. My moderate acne has completely cleared up thanks to this pill. My only complaint is that my pack is 21 days with no placebo pills. I wish I had the placebo pills for consistency.  Also, I did not gain weight but I regularly make healthy lifestyle choices and am active.
My mom has suffered from schizophrenia for over 37 years.  She has been taking Zyprexa for the past 5 years.  The improvement in her demeanor and ability to fuction through everyday activities has been phenomenal.  She is socializing and enjoying shopping and eating out again.  Thanks.
I started taking Lyrica for pain from Hashimoto 's disease. At first I had a lot of energy. Then, I leveled off and the fatigue is back. The pain is about 85% gone! I did experience a huge emotional roller coaster at first and even had suicidal thoughts for the first time ever. I figured it was just the adjustment period and gave it more time. It has been about 2 months now and I just wish I could figure out if it is the Lyrica causing the fatigue.  I ache too much without it to test the theory.
I have been on Loestrin 24 for about 6 months now and am quite satisfied!  In the beginning, I did experience some nausea for about the first month but once I got over that hurdle everything has gone well.  NO bloating, NO nausea, NO mood swings, and MOST IMPORTANTLY A VERY SHORT CYCLE! My cycle has always been irregular; having about one a year. So with me getting older my doctor said it would be best for my health to try and regulate my cycle.  Well it worked!  If I must have a cycle each month (after not having to for the past 20 yrs) its nice to have one only for a few days and without any PMS symptoms!
Viibryd has honestly changed my life for the better. I 've had depression and anxiety for 5 years. I was going to therapy (and I still do), but it was recommended I try some medication because I was not really feeling any better and I was very hesitant. I did 5mg for 2 weeks, 10mg for a week, 20mg for a week, and now I 'm on 40mg. I experience NO side effects. No diarrhea or nausea like most people have at the beginning. Not only did my anxiety come under control when I started the 20mg, but I feel happy now. My sex drive has been normal and I 've actually lost weight since I started Viibryd since I don 't have the urge to eat everything now. It 's definitely worth a try.
I 've been on Junel FE for about a year now without any problems. My doctor recommended this brand for my extremely painful cramps I 'd get at the beginning of every cycle, which would often lead me to throw up from the pain. Upon first starting it, I immediately noticed a positive change. My period lasts about 4 days now (as opposed to 7 days) with very light bleeding and hardly any cramps. Also, even though I 've read bad reviews of this birth control due to anxiety and depression-related side effects, I 've never experienced any, and I 've been diagnosed with both (previous to being on this brand of birth control). Junel FE is a great product.
On September 6th, 2015 I have been sober for one year.  I could not have accomplished this without Campral.  My GP, who is an American, is very surprised to find it not more widely in use in Canada.  It has saved my life - which I have stated in my previous two reports.  I am now taking Campral every one other day - one tablet in the morning - and will, with the support of my GP, continue doing that for about 3 months.  I want to be sure that I have no temptation to take a drink.  I know that there are others who have had dependency issues who feel that they can return to &quot;controlled drinking&quot;, but that is not for me.  I know full well that one SIP of wine will take me back to where I was.  I will not tempt myself and breach my success!
Started with pill form of methotrexate at 15 mg dosage per week.  Moved to injection form and increased dosage to 25mg per week.  Seen lots of improvement on my psoriasis.  Tired the day and day after injection but not concerned.  Stomach a bit irritated but a little drawback for the good benefits.
It is the only antibiotic that works for my urinary tract infections, and I haven 't ever had any of the side effects.  I generally feel better already after the 2nd dose.
Had ligament &amp; cartilage surgery on knee in early 80s. By 2000, pain made even sleeping tough. Was prescribed etodolac ER, 400 mg 2/day. Honestly, it gave me my life back. After 1 or 2 yrs, started using only 1 pill per day. Use 2/day only when cycling extra hard, snow-shoeing or skiing. None of these activities would be possible without this Rx! Only drawback is that my skin is a bit dryer and itchier in the cooler months.
This medicine has changed my life. Typical antidepressants (SSRI 's) never worked for me, and if they did the effects wore off after a month or so. I 've had mild symptoms of borderline personality disorder and moderate symptoms of ADHD, and after three months of taking it, I can 't imagine being off of it. I can control my emotions, concentrate, and FINALLY FEEL JOY, for the first time in my life. My PMS symptoms are also way less intense. I did have mild anxiety in the first week and a bit of nausea for 3 weeks, but the side effects went away after a month or so. My mom tried it for her ADHD, but it didn 't work for her, and it doesn 't work for everyone. But if you know you have a severe dopamine deficiency (like I did), this medication is definitely worth a shot!
I 've been on Zoloft for 3 months now and I 've got to say its been pretty good. I am on 50mg a day and sometimes I skip because I 'm not so worried anymore. Really has helped out a lot. I 'm making friends.
Best I ever had!
I have terrible allergies year round. My eyes would swell so bad that my contacts would pop out or stick to my eyelids. This takes care of  my allergies at their worst. I can wear my contacts again. I haven 't had any side effects. Originally, I was paying $90 for a tiny bottle but my allergist gave me a coupon that lowers the price to $25. Definitely ask about the coupon if you need Pataday.
I was so scared to try these tablets. But I must say mood wise I 'm feeling fab.They do help you sleep better and have vivid dreams but ive not had any scary ones! and they do make you feel like you don 't want to wake up but you soon get out of it once your running around doing things. I looked them up on the net and saw nothing but scare stories. I started on 15mg and was terrified due to what id read. But they was fab! then I went to 30mg as people can start going downhill again on 15mg its completely normal. Then I went to 45mg and they sent me loopy (high serotonin levels) but after 3 days back to 30mg I was fine. I still get panic attacks but pills wont fix that problem. self help and cbt therapy fixes that apparently.
I 've had extremely bad anxiety, panic attacks, and mood swings. This medicine is wonderful. It 's not very strong but it takes the edge off. I 'd recommended to anyone with anxiety.
Very good
This medication has been a God send for me. Since I have been on sertraline, my mood swings and anger problems caused by post traumatic stress disorder, have significantly been reduced. They still happen, but not nearly as often as before I started sertraline.
I am 30 and have had migraines since I was 14. My head has always hurt (to the touch) the day after a migraine. I did not experience that after taking Treximet nor did I have any side effects. I absolutely love this medicine.
I 've taken sertraline for almost 3 months now, and it 's been a very positive thing to my life. I feel much less anxious and I feel more confident. I do have to say that my sleep has not improved, in fact might be worse...and I never thought in a million years that I 'd be ok with worse sleep. The reason I say this is that I 'm not someone who 's dealt well with lack of sleep in the past. I was not able to function on even 6 hours of sleep if the sleep was poor and I got up many times. I 'd be bed ridden, or really have to push myself, on days when my sleep was poor. Now it 's pretty clear that the amount of fatigue I felt was 100% related to being even more anxious on days that I slept poorly. Now, despite poor sleep, I feel much better.
This Medication is Awseome! I have lost 25 pounds in 4 months.  My A1C went from 10.6 to 7.3. Love this medicine, feel GREAT, belly fat gone, down 2 sizes, only thing is the cost. Like giving you a Cadillac and taking the tires away. $348.00 for 30 pills! Awful insurance won 't pay. Off most other medicines, have had MANY that do not work, over 13 yrs, this one works! Off Amaryl 4 mg twice a day, my Lantus went from 42 down to 22, my Novolog from 30 to 5 units a day, Just so frustrating that Insuranse Company does not see the savings on the other meds, and the true results. Have been on metformin, Actos, Januvia, Byetta,  Avandia , Amaryl  worked for 6 yrs plus, have been on Novolog -N, , Levimir, 70/30, none of these medicines worked.
I am 65. I have had psoriasis and arthritis since I was 13. I was covered. Like others I had used tar, creams, PUVA , UVB in my home and ENBREL which caused many side effects. Dreaded white flakes everywhere! Itching was just awful. 2 1/2 years ago I tried Stelara, what a wonder I cleared in 2 injections. What a joy to have clear skin and go in public and not be embarrassed. Had to stop because Medicare did not cover it. I became totally covered again worse then ever. Finally found some finical help. I have had 2 injections, all plaque is gone looks so good. I have  a great deal of redness but expect it to clear. I have had a madding itch the past few days, hope it is not a side effect. 
Finishing up my 6th month with Kyleena. My doctor prescribed me ibuprofen and a cervix softener prior to insertion. Highly recommend you ask the doctor for those. I had zero pain during insertion, just slight uncomfortable pressure and mild cramps after. My period is now very, very light. Hoping it stops all together soon as I heard that is a possibility with this IUD. Partner has no issue feeling the strings. No PMS issues. The only side effects I have experienced have been a bit of weight gain/bloating (not enough to be a deal breaker though) and more oily hair that began the 4th month. This has been annoying but a low maintenance, effective birth control is worth having to wash my hair a bit more often. Will update at 1 year.
I am a life-long sufferer of OCD - started when I was 7-8 years old when OCD wasn 't even a common word or diagnosis - am now 52. I tried many drugs in the 1990s - most had awful side effects. I found Luvox in 1994 (from a  knowledgeable MD) and it helped. I managed to live a productive life. I stopped taking it 5 years ago - thinking I could use my life skills to cope with OCD and anxiety, but learned behavioral and coping skills can only work to a certain extent in a person whose brain chemistry and/or neurons are not functioning correctly. My doctor recommended I get back on it, so I am starting it up again. For what its worth: therapy can greatly help an OCD victim - and IMO the best therapists are the ones that have or had OCD themselves.
I am prescribed to take two 0.5 Xanax a day but in reality I only take it when I am having a panic attack or feeling very tense or unhappy. It works better for anxiety and tension then it does depression as far as I can tell, but then again I don 't take it consistently. 
Metamucil may help side effects:I started taking Xenical 8 days ago and was quite nervous about the side effects, especially diarrhea because I have Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Because of this, I have spent much of my life running to the bathroom. 7 or 8 years ago one doctor recommended Metamucil and it changed my life. I now take it twice a day and perhaps this is why I am not having any problems with Xenical. It 's worth a try anyway, In 8 days, I 've lost 5 or 6 lbs so am quite happy.
I was on Nexium for more than 4 years and the Barrett 's esophagus that I have has been stable. I believe that Nexium has healing properties, but change in diet has to come with it. My husband 's insurance now refuses to pay for it because it is supposedly for short term. 
Skyla was the best birth control decision I have ever had. I 've been on it for three months now and absolutely love it. There was certainly a fair amount of pain on insertion and the week after; I will admit that, but it has improved my sex life, hasn 't tampered with my systemic hormones/weight gain/etc., makes me feel comfortable and safe, and my partner can hardly ever feel it.10/10 would reccommend!
I 've been using Retin-A for about a week now. If you have oily skin or experience breakouts every morning like me, I would definitely recommend this. I use the .01% dosage recommended by my doctor. They told me I may experience peeling of the skin. My skin has peeled in some spots, but it 's not very noticeable. I removed the peeled skin by using baking soda and water(great exfoliant!) Skin varies by person. I 've given up on every acne regimen and decided to see my doctor. I swear by this stuff. All my acne scars are fading and my skin has become significantly smoother.
I had my first of three injections of Orthovisc yesterday (1/14/16) into my left knee. The physician numbed the skin and injected the lubricant. I did not experience any discomfort. The day after the injection I have not experienced any negative side effects. The overall effectiveness of Orthovisc is still up in the air but I 'm eager to keep moving forward with the treatment. I will post again after completing the three injections.
This response is for the person whose Doctor won 't prescribe Ativan because it 's an old drug. I went to a psychiatrist and that 's the med he prescribed for me to help me sleep through the night. It had been 3 months since I 'd slept more the 6 hours and usually it was 4 hours each night. Ambien got me to sleep but wouldn 't keep me asleep. My PCP prescribed trazadone and that was horrific. She then prescribed doxepin and that sedated me but never put me to sleep. After 3 months of this my PCP said for me to go to a psychiatrist to hear my symptoms and prescribe the right med. he got it spot on. By the second night I was sleeping like a baby and able to naps during the if I felt sleepy. I have gotten myself back. I also take Zoloft.
My sister had eczema and when she used it everything went. Simple! 
Better than Enbrel in my opinion. My condition after 3 months has markedly improved to, I 'd say,  90% with one dose every other week.  It has changed my life.  As far as any side effects I have not experienced any after 6 months.
Hydromet soothes my sore throat and I feel better within a day. The last two doctors only prescribed Benadryl syrup which does nothing and causes side effects.
So, the night before I used Hypercare, I came onto this site and looked at users reviews, since I was reluctant to use it at first because I was worried it wouldn 't work and I 'd have bad b/o all day at school. I think the user reviews helped my unsureness because that 's what mattered most to me; how it worked for the everyday person. I put it on last night, and it stung and itched (I 'm on the second night and the itch is still there) but the next day I barely sweat. I sweat a little at lunch (but since it 's the first day it 's not fully effective) but that was it! Hypercare is a dream come true. No longer do I have to live with the embarrassment of sweating.
I am 5 '2 and weigh 106. I have had 3 days of constipation, I thought it was the worst, so I took 3 pills with almost two liters of water at 2 pm. nothing happened that day. Just tons of urination. The worst cramping got to me at 2am. Cold sweats, feeling uneasy, vomiting and with a massive urge to poop. I admit it is my fault for taking so many pills while being my first time using laxatives. Spread the word!!! Only take one!!!!! It is 10am and I am still suffering from cold sweats and cramps. Lots of pain. I am exhausted of this diarrhea!! I hope everything is worth at the end
I am a 44 year old married man. We have four kids. Back in my 20 's I had an extrememly high sex drive. It has dropped off quite a bit in my 40 's. After a Vasectomy my erections were not what they had been. They also did not last as long. I went to the Doctor without telling my wife. I have been using Cialis for the last two months without her knowing. She has been asking me what has gotten into me. After about an hour of taking the 20mg pill, I am ready to go. The pill gives you that same feeling of HAVING to have sex that you had as a teen. My erections have been rock hard and long lasting. A  all the way. My wife is smiling!
I 've been using Axiron for a year now and have mostly enjoyed the results.   My T level was 293 before starting Axiron &amp; now is roughly 570 at quarterlyblood tests.  I 've experienced the good results, alertness, happiness andan overall feeling of well being.  I also take 125 mcg of Thyroid med every morning for hypothyroidism, my Cholestorol is 118, down from 400.  I have no complaints about Axiron except what has happened to my testicles.  They were big, and hung down nicely.  I noticed after about 5 months on Axiron that they weren 't hanging down as normal, but I chalked that up to age, more than using Axiron for my TRT.....  after paying closer attention, I now have testicles that are about 60% of their pre-Axiron size.  
I took Lyrica for about 2 years and loved it. It helped my pain so much. I suffer with back pain and leg pain. I went from Topamax to Lyrica and it was a big difference. I gained weight about 20lbs, but my problem was my insurance would not cover this medicine and it doesn 't have a generic. So I was having to pay almost $360.00/month for 60 pills. Couldn 't afford it so I 've had to go back to Topamax. Now I 've lost almost 30 pounds and don 't like it as much as Lyrica and it has more side effects. So stay with Lyrica if you can - it 's a great medicine.
It 's has been a miracle. My son is 7 and on 1 mg for 8 weeks. He has PDD and ADHD.His impulsiveness and odd behavior last year was so bad that they took him out of the classroom and put him full time in autistic support room. They pulled all academics from him and were just trying to finish the year without him hurting any other kids. It was bad. I was looking at outpatient facilities for him in case we barely made it through the year. In summer we tried many medicines, all not effective. Last one was Intuniv. He was so tired for 3 weeks. Week 4 was when the miracle happened. His anger was gone, impulsiveness less. School started and things were great. He is back to the classroom. Has had no incidences of aggression. It has saved him.
From September-December 2014 I was having unprotected sex with my partner. In January 2015 I got the implant. I bleed for weeks at a time or just on and off. After about 7 months everything had calmed down. I go about 3-5 months without a period. If I even get a period I spot for a few days like I 'm currently doing but sometimes it 's heavier for a few days then some spotting. I personally love this birth control I just had how much more easily agitated I am and the mood swings that come with it. They tell you to give it about 6 months for your body to try to get used to it before you decide if it 's for you or not. The implant is the ONLY precaution my partner and I take since January 2015- up until present(6-28-2016) still no baby
Before Climara, my menopause symptoms were out of control, hot flashes and feeling moody. Climara changed my life and helped me enjoy it again without the hot flashes and weird symptoms that menopause was bringing on. Bye bye menopause.
I have R/R MS, and after having more than 2 relapses in 1 year, I was put on Copaxone. 3.5 years on I realise that this drug really suits me.  The only problem with this medication is my poor memory, at least once per month I totally forget to administer my injection. This causes no exacerbations, and I feel so good on it. I had suffered for quite a few years before using this preparation, and it seems like a God send.
I didn 't get acne until I was 18 and did every diet, cleanser, spot treatment out there for about 6 years. I ended up SO depressed with horrible hormonal acne on my chin/chest and was losing the battle. I was always against accutane because the horrible side effects associated with it. My chest cleared up by the first month. The results are AMAZING and I finally feel like I 'm thriving rather than hiding behind thick coats of makeup and high cut shirts. So, its a really complicated process to even start the whole accutane journey. You have to get your blood drawn once a month and women HAVE to be on birth control. Its very expensive and your skin will completely dry out but worth it. Drink lots of water, eat healthy &amp; aquaphor. WORTH IT!!!
I 've been on Trintellix (that 's what it 's called in Canada) for about two months now and I can honestly say it has changed my life, for the better.  The first few weeks I did have a bit of nausea but it was all well worth it.  I find that I cannot drink as much as I used to as it will result in a pretty bad hangover, but no biggie for me.  I am less irritable, less tired and I have not felt any anxiety whatsoever in about a month!  I feel hopeful again, thanks to Trintellix.
I suffer from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome and have been taking this medicine for about 7 years now.  It gave me my life back.  I used to be so tired  that I couldn 't get out of bed or participate in life.  The only problem is I have grown tolerant to it, and am at the maximum dosage, so I don 't get as much energy from it as I used to.  But I couldn 't function or live without it.
This medication has been a God send for me.  After PT and a year of Aleve my shoulder was somewhat better but not great.  For a different issue my physician told me to stop the Aleve and try Diclofanac Sodium.  My body is very happy.  No back, neck, ankle, toe, shoulder pain.  My shoulder range of motion is almost 100%. For me, Diclofenac Sodium DR 50mg has been wonderful.
So I started this BC due to painful periods/irregular periods. I had tried a combo pill called low low estrogen and it just gave me terrible side effects. Jolivette seriously helped me out. I rarely get periods, unless I 'm super stressed out, no mood swings and no pregnancy (though that didn 't become a concern until last year). I 've been taking it for four years now and would highly recommend this. Saved me a lot of hospital visits and made my life easier.
I have had pitting edema, severe water retention all over my body mainly my face, hands, ankles, feet and lower legs.  I to have felt the side effects of the side aches and leg discomfort. BUt have come to find out I also suffered from RLS ( restless leg syndrome). I do suffer from very minor headaches. But when one day you are swollen as a balloon and about 2 to 3 days later your are unswollen.  I first started out on 10 mg as needed, then had to go up to 20mg when required, then daily. Then eventually kept raising it by 20 after that to 40mg daily. Then I ended up having to take 2 x 40 mg daily, 2 x a day.  I also have insulin resistance/metabolic syndrome so that may have something to do with it. I 'm now at 80mg daily.
This pill has been a godsend for me. I am 42 and have a six year old and 3 year old and have had hormonal issues since having them both: extremely heavy periods, horrible cramps, menstrual migraines, severe bloating and breast tenderness, heavy mid cycle spotting, and cyclical insomnia. After one pack of these pills, I am sold. Lighter period, no cramps. No nausea, spotting, moodiness, and I am finally sleeping better. These have been the best pills I have taken during my reproductive years so far. I hope this helps some patients, as many of these reviews can be negative.
I 've had a very good experience with this form of birth control. No bleeding at all, no side effects, not an issues what so ever. I 've been takin it for about 9 months now and feeling fine
I am a 61 yr old, 5 '3&quot; female that started the 2 week trial on April 15, 2014 at 237 pounds. If I had any initial side effects I don 't recall them, so I must have had none or they were too mild to even mention. I don 't have any side effects now which is a little over 3 months since I started.  I lost 10 pounds during the 2 week (free) trial so I was impressed and definitely ready to continue! I got a $75/month card (credit) from the pill company so that was a plus. I still have to pay $163/mth. My insurance does not cover it. They would rather pay for my cholesterol and blood pressure meds. So as of today, July 18, 2014, I have gone from 237 to 210lbs. Not too bad with 27 pounds gone with no side effects and no exercise. Loving the results!
Honestly I was freaked out because I read reviews like these before I went to my appointment which was yesterday, 6-29-16. So I took 3 Advil about an hour before my appointment. When I got there I was scared but the doctor assured me it wasn 't that bad etc. Honestly when I read that people cried and such during the insertion I think they are just crazy. I did feel pressure but I didn 't even flinch. There was no pain. My doctor couldn 't get over the fact that I didn 't seem to even notice she was there. I drove myself there and back and literally never even knew there was a difference. I had some very light cramping later that night and a light headache the next day and I have seemed to lost my appetite but that 's it. I am happy about it!
this medication is amazing and has changed my life for the better! However like most SSRI 's it does neg impact sex drive etc and it did lead to weight gain
helps me to sleep and a lot less head akes
It is a good  medicine. I often find that it helps me even more because I do not have to take it everyday.
I love the results from this medicine.  I am not anxious and haven 't cried or had a rage fit.  Sad to say, I am suffering major side effects such as throwing up, loss of appetite, can 't swallow, sweats, can 't sleep, shaking all over, teeth clenching on and on and on.  BUT it beats the hell out of anxiety, crying all the time and severe and sometimes violent mood swings.
For anxiety and  panic disorders, I have found this drug to be extremely useful. Prior to taking Clonazepam, I was under tremendous stress due to work, and was suffering 2 -3 panic attacks per day. Since starting on 3 x 1mg per day. I have not had a single major panic attack. Anxiety and stress just disappear! It has also proved useful, on occasion, to help with sleep. Initially, it did make me very drowsy, but this passed within 3-4 days. Thanks to this medication, I have my life back! Would  recommend to anyone with a similar diagnosis of generalized Anxiety and Panic disorders. The only downside is that I have experienced reluctance from Doctors to prescribe it (in the UK). I had to go private in order to get it.
Very helpful for insomnia and stress and my Borderline Personality Disorder, Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and the severe depression and anxiety I 've had all my life. Plus no weight gain! I love this one out of all I 've tried and would recommend it to anyone else who suffers these afflictions - God bless and be well.
I was recently in a bad car accident and while I wasn 't severely injured, I was left with terrible pain in my back and shoulders.  Demerol has been the main thing that 's helped me to cope with my injuries and allow me to sleep at night.  I am so grateful that my doctor suggested that I take it.
I have tried them all. Did not like the side effects from basically all of them. Pristiq is different. The the side effects seem almost the same but different in a few ways. I love sex. Taking Pristiq has the same results as the other medicines with one exception. Stop taking for a day and you are back in business. The other medicines would take much longer to get out of your system. 
I was in the hospital for 11 days, diagnosed with failing kidneys which made me highly nauseated.  I 've lost 20 lbs. in 2 months.  The shots worked quicker for me than the 4mg pills I 'm taking at home.  But reading through the posts, I now know why I was severely constipated, and I normally suffer from Irritable Bowel Syndrome....constant diarrhea.  My kidneys continue to deteriorate which causes the nausea.  As far as the person who mentioned they stopped taking it because of a headache...the headache probably came from extreme vomiting or the blood pressure going up from the stress of vomiting.  That 's what happened to me.  I would give it another try.
Had a csection and it helped a lot with the pain didn 't make it go away completely but really toned it down as much as I could 've hoped for.
Diprivan was used to sedate me during a colonoscopy and it worked very quickly with no serious side effects.
Been taking Harvoni thirteen days now. I never realized how bad I was till I started taking Harvoni. I feel ten years younger and have much more energy.  Hard to go to sleep at night but not tired. My aches and pains in wrist and hand have disappeared. I feel like I have a new life in front of me. I am 72 yrs. Had Hep C since 1980 from transfusion.  Good luck to all.
I got my birth control rod inserted on November 2014. My arm was sore, swollen and ridiculously bruised for 3 days. I never got a long heavy period. Only occasional spotting and eventually no period at all. I have cramps very rarely but still do. I have breast tenderness once a month. I haven 't used  condoms since then. Still no pregnancy 
I have severe leg and back pain. I have had back and leg pain for quite a few years. In 2008 I fell 25 ft out of a deer stand which tore both rotor cuffs and elbow problems. After 9 operations and physical therapy I still have pain which includes back and leg problems. I started on opana ER and take morphine sulfate for break through. Opana has been a wonderful help which has helped me be able to function through the day with some normality which at one point I couldn 't do. And now I hear it 's going to be pulled off shelves and done away with. Very Disturbing.
I have suffered from hives for over 30 years.  No medicine helped.  I had them for 3 years straight, 24/7.  My hives have come back about 4 different times, lasting up to a year.  I have been on Xyzal for about 2 months.  I take Benadryl, then an hour later I will take the  Xyzal.  I take Benadryl at bedtime.  This is the first time in the 30 years that I feel they are under control.  For anyone with chronic hives, its worth a shot.  I have no side effects as of yet.  They do not make me tired either.
This will be my 2nd colonoscopy. My 1st was 5 years ago (no polyps!). Used the dreaded Golytely that time. Was instructed to mix the Golytely with raspberry lemonade Crystal Lite. It was AWFUL! Almost not doable. suprep was much better                   This time using Suprep. Everything about it was better! The 1st dose was at 6:00pm. Mixed with cold water, not fun but got it down without too much complaining!  Started &quot;going&quot; within 30 minutes, done in 2 hours. No cramping, no bloating, no problems.2nd dose at 3:45am. Have to admit I couldn 't get the last 1/2&quot; down, figured I better quit while I was ahead! The effect wasn 't as fast or as ....... dramatic as 1st dose. Again, no issues.
My first treatment failed and the 2nd included this medication which ultimately killed the infection. Yes, it 's very strong and I was wiped out but I did not have any side affects.
I am prone to terrible and traumatizing panic attacks. I was afraid one was going to happen on an airplane, so I dreaded an upcoming flight for months. On the day of the flight, I took a 0.5 pill and felt all of my anxiety wash away. Took another pill at the gate before boarding and had the most calm flight of my life with essentially no notable anxiety. This medication has allowed me to no longer be a prisoner of my panic. It 's really changed my life.
I started taking this pill for acne because I had terrible terrible acne but now my face is completely cleared up and I barely ever get any zits. It also makes my period a lot lighter which I absolutely love because I don 't have to worry about it at school or when I 'm out with friends. It also worked very well for me as birth control. It may have moved me up a bra size to a C but I don 't see that as a problem. Overall this is a great pill.
I just started the pill on 10/29/16, I got the pills to help move past this plateau I have reached with my weight loss goals. The first day I had so much energy that I had to force myself to sit down after 8 hours of non-stop movement, cleaning, excising for the day, errands etc. These really do suppress your appetite. I had to force myself to eat boiled eggs for breakfast. I drank A LOT of water due to the dry mouth. By 6pm, I still had only eaten boiled eggs and I felt my mood change, not sure if that was because I had not eaten, but I was VERY moody. The moodiness wore off after I ate dinner. The want for food is just not there. Some issues with sleeping more than 6 hours.  Make sure you drink plenty of water!!
I wrote previously about loving Zenzedi and switching to Adderall XR due to insurance. After 1 month of Adderall, I am going back to Zenzedi. Adderall was just not for me. I had mental issues all month long and just didn 't focus as much. My family even noticed a difference. I called my Insurance and they approved Zenzedi easily.
Ambien has been the only insomnia medicine that has worked consistently for the 7 years I have been taking it. I was on a combination of Ambien and Xanax but lost my healthcare coverage so am on Ambien only. I totally have to thank the Ambien makers because my life was a messy blur of nonsleep. Now, I sleep and sleep well. 
I have been taking this medication for my migraines for about a year and a half. I take it at night and within 30 minutes I am asleep. This combined with verapamil 120mg ER has decreased my migraines from weekly to about one every 8 weeks or so. I have noticed I am calmer and more focused the next day. I have gained a little weight but I 'm not sure if that 's age or the medicine. I 'm 46.
I have had ear infections on and off for years and Bactrim is the only medication that cures them.
Started Paxil 15 some years ago for anxiety and depression. I 'm on the clinical maximum dosage of 75 mg CR. I had no side effects and it has helped me greatly. I also take Xanax.
I have had anxiety attacks and depression on and off my whole life and when I started this medicine it was like a 180 on my mood issues. Sounds funny but it made the whole world beautiful for me again. I have been on it for about 6 months now and ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS MEDICIAN, however I have had sleeping troubles here lately and am experiencing vivid dreaming to the point that when I awake I am disoriented and my sluggish/somber mood is creeping back in. I have good and bad days- I 'm thinking that it is from lack of sleep because of the constant dreaming, so I am now taking Xanax at night and it has helped that problem a lot.
They bumped me up from 20mg to 40mg. I have strong depression and anxiety. But this is a great medicine for anxiety. I do not think I will need Klonopin anymore.
Have had seizures since I was 8 and am now 36 and have been on Vimpat for a year now and has been the only medication to almost stop the gran mals all together. Used to have 4 to 6 a month mostly during my menstral and now have not had one in almost 3 months. There are some side effects migranes and major dizziness but those are not as often as they were in the begining and the way that I look at it is that the possitive out ways the negative. Best medication for me
I 've been taking spiro 50 mg. for 6 months for acne &amp; I 'm thrilled.  I 'm 45 and have had problems with acne (mainly on chin) for a decade. Dr. told me it would take 6 weeks to start working.  What he didn 't mention is that it might get worse first.  3 weeks in, I wanted to bury my head in the sand.  (so I wouldn 't start it right before a major event!).  At 6 weeks, it was helping but still not great.  Dr. suggested we go to 100 mg but I wanted to give the 50 mg a chance.  By 8-9 weeks it was great!  I still occasionally get a pimple but it 's small and doesn 't last long (unlike the large painful cysts I used to get!)  Note:  generic:  Mutual Pharm.  When pharmacy switched to Qualitest, I started breaking out again...but they changed back! :)
Sorta got stupid one night with my girlfriend, got the pill about 26 hours later. The pill made her 9 weeks late, I 'd never had so much stress. Finally she took two tests and got both negative and got her period a couple weeks later, it may mess up your period and stress you out but it works don 't worry
I 've used Drixoral for many years for allergic rhinitis after Rondec-TR was discontinued as it worked the best with NO side effects.  Apparently it has been discontinued and will no longer be available.  Hope I can find something else that works.
This really does help with my IBS-d .When I don 't take it I suffer really bad as my IBS flares up
Accutane has saved my life. My acne surfaced around 22 years old and from then on I 've tried every salicylic and benzol product, retin-a and every other topical product from the dermatologist, and oral antibiotic known to mankind and nothing worked. I started accutane, now just starting month 4, and I have NO pimples! Only minimal scarring, but who cares as long as I don 't have disgusting bumps and whiteheads all over my face! If you can get over the crazy dryness and chapped lips 24/7 you will be good. No joke I used to be able to count anywhere from 10-20 pimples on my face, now I am clear!!!! I 'm so scared because I need to stop accutane a month early and pray my acne doesn 't come back:(
Started having anxiety and depression symptoms years back after going to countless drs. and trying every pill there is. A psychiatrist put me on Oxazepam 10 two times daily as needed. Hands down the best pill for me and my problem.
When I first started taking ortho lo, my moderate acne cleared up! My periods were SO much lighter. However, adjusting to this pill was hell. Mood swings, crying, psycho basically. After 6 months, I was fine. 5 years later and I am still on, never got pregnant, no acne, light periods, very moody during PMS but no cramps. I think it is worth it for sure. I have gained weight however I started at 17 and am now 22- college probably made me gain those few pounds.
I got my Skyla inserted 6 weeks ago. The insertion was not very painful. I would rate it a 3 out of 10. It was uncomfortable and felt like a minor period cramp for a total of less than one minute. After it was inserted, I felt normal and was not dizzy or lightheaded. I had no cramps that day and only minor cramping and minor back pain for the first few weeks following insertion. I spotted for the first 4.5 weeks. My first period was longer than usual (7 days, is normally 4), but the bleeding was much lighter (no clots or excessively heavy bleeding). I did have more painful cramps at the beginning of my period, but nothing that was too unbearable. During sex, my husband is unable to feel the strings and I have forgotten it is even in!
My family finds this medicine to be great for fighting off colds when you feel as though you were coming down with one. A couple of days, taken as directed, most times always get rid of the cold.  I would recommend medicine but, having read one of the other reviews - check with your doctor.  Even when (the rare times) we do not stop the cold in time, Sudafed PE Severe Cold makes you feel better during the course of the cold.
The first few months were a little annoying due to the spotting. After about 4 months, I stopped getting my period. I don 't have to worry about getting my period anymore and I had no side effects. I highly recommend getting this.
I will shortly finish my first pack of Sprintec and must say that this has been the best birth control I 've yet to be on. NO issues with sex drive, tiredness, weight gain other than my breast.  Which have become a bit larger; however, really tender but I don 't mind and/or complaining. My skin did break out at first but is slowly clearing up and I didn 't have much of an appetite 2 to 3 days within, that too is better. Other than the few minor changes I will continue to use Sprintec!
Enbrel saved my life. I 've had rheumatoid arthritis for 3 1/2 years. I had severe swelling and pain in almost every joint of my body, which coupled with the exhaustion, left me with little life.  The Enbrel with the weekly methotrexate makes me feel basically normal, and able to work and live like a normal person. I found the weekly pens to be very easy to use.  I moved to a country that doesn 't have the pens, so now I 'm on a twice weekly normal injection.  I 'm terrified of needles and cry like a 2 year old if I see one, so my husband gives me the shots and I can barely feel them.  I thank the Lord everyday that I am able to have this medicine!
My uric acid was 8.6 after use Uloric went down to 2.9.  I 've had no attacks after started taking Uloric .  I  stopped  taking it and the uric acid went up 4.5 but  the pain was still  coming back, not exactly gout attack but I know the kind of pain on my joins, so I started to take it again. Now   after taking 80 mg regularly I 've got no pains or attacks. No side effects   good medicine but the price is just too high.
I have had the nexplanon for over a year and it has worked fabulously. I have two chdren and wanted a long term birth control that I didnt have to remember every day. I 've had one period since getting it put in. Which hurt like hell that 's why Im rating it a nine. I lost 20 pounds while on it and my sex drive has gone up. My relationship needed that. It has been my most positive experience with a form of birth control.
It 's a miracle pill, nothing helped my burning ulcer, nausea and upset stomach like this pill. 60mg, once in morning, time released..only relief I 've had in months. I 've lost 12 pounds since December , no more upset stomach, no vomiting..It 's amazing . I have not experienced any side effects...I am able to eat n feel normal for once!!! I highly recommend!!!! Get tha savings card, the script will cost $20 for 30 days supply. I feel normal for once !!!
I have a degenerative bone disease that started a dozen years ago. Pain took over my life and made it hardly worth living. Doctor prescribed combination of percocet, lyrica, and cymbalta and it gave me back my life.
It really does work and helps me to relax so I can rest &amp; sleep. And I 've taken it for off &amp; on for several years! I have arthritis, pinched nerves, muscle spasms &amp; a lot more elements. IT WORKS. But what works for one might not work for another. Best wishes to everyone!
My apt was on Friday  afternoon..I started my clear liquid diet  Sunday night.. I took my 1st dose  of Suprep on Thursday  at 5:30 pm, I followed  other users suggestions in mixing the prep with very cold water and drinking  thru a straw to limit taste bud exposure, the 1st dose, with added water is only 16 ounces, followed by 2 more 16 oz. glasses of plain water within the next hour..it worked very fast going thru my system and I was able  to sleep in my bed, for a full  8 1/2 hrs...I followed the treatment the following  morning..at end of process , fluids came out colorless...fasting since Sunday  gave me NO side affects since  I was only passing liquids when I used the Suprep....and I lost over 8 lbs and no fear of  future colonoscopies
I was diagnosed with ADD in elementary school.  I have taken 3 different kinds of ADD medication and Daytrana has worked the best BY FAR! Strattera made me feel weird as a child.  Adderall was terrible for me! I was mean and agitated easily, got headaches a lot, just an all around bad experience for me.  I had taken Daytrana in high school and liked it, so when I went home for Christmas break from my first semester at college and told my mom I wanted back on medication  I quit taking adderal, but NEEDED something bad! I went back on Daytrana have been on it for a year and half now and I made the Athletic Presidential Honour Roll for my conference! Daytrana= miracle and a yes, for all ADD people!
Great for Fibromyalgia muscle spasms after Flexeril quit working. A Native American doc told me that was what these were originally created for. This works best with my other Fibromyalgia medicines. On 10mg up to 3xs a day, have been using them for over 9 years with great success. Like someone else mentioned, not everyone gets tired on them.
I have taking Triumeq for two weeks now after I completely stopped taking any meds for 4 months.  My viral load was at 80,000 and in about two weeks I have a doctor 's appt to recheck my general numbers again.  Unfortunately, I have had several side effects from insomnia, bloating, stomach pains,  fatigue, and dizziness. I 'm hoping that as the weeks go by my body will become acustom to Triumeq and lessen my side effects.  As per paying goes, my co pay was suppose to be $100, however the staff at my drug store introduce me to a coupon from the makers of Triumeq and the maker is covering my copay! I will update my comment one I 've visited with my doctor. ..namaste
Hurt my stomach initially but that has gone away. Feel better than ever.
This medicine changed my life in a sense. I am on Latuda (an antipsychotic) and a lot of Wellbutrin, but I was still depressed and having migraines almost every day. I was put on only 30 mg a night to prevent headaches and to help me sleep. It certainly made me sleep a lot the first few nights. At first I was afraid it was a dud, but then 2 weeks later my migraines were less frequent; after 2 months on it, I have about 20 percent of the migraines I used to have. I get great sleep, and the best (and most surprising) part was that although it is a tiny dose, it was just what I needed to finally not be depressed and anxious. I only gave it 9 starts instead of ten because sometimes the dry mouth is unbearable at times.
I 've been on Epiduo for quiet some time now. I went from using it everyday to once a week! It 's super effective and I LOVE it! I recommend Epiduo to everyone with acne. I used to have a face full of acne now I only have like one or two pimples. Epiduo is amazing!
In my honest opinion I find this drug  has worked in stabilizing my rapid  cycling bipolar.This is the first time in years that I feel  like I  am  well.I started this medication when I was an inpatient in a psychiatric  hospital  and it worked within the first  month it made the manic episode less severe .I am on 800 at night along with 600 seroquel XR and  25 lamictal .The only symptoms I have is slight constipation
Great experience those far. I did have site pain but it did not last long. I have no idea what happens after 28 days do I stop using it all together? Not a lot of information out there. Also, it is very expensive close to $700 for 2 oz.
I have taken Diclegis for about a month now and it has been great for me. Just makes Me sleepier than ever ..but I can eat and that 's what I needed considering I am already thin as it is.. This medicine has been a life saver even though I am having concerns if it will harm baby which had made me resort to just one a day.. Also the pharmacy told me the bottle was 700$ out of pocket.. Yikes.. I 'm surviving off samples from office. Thank goodness!
It 's a miracle drug. I took this for anxiety and panic attacks and slight depression. It has changed my life. I am happier. I have made more friends in the past month. It has helped with everything; school, stress, anxiety and self confidence. I cant recommend it enough.
I have been taking Diltiazem for at least 12 years at different dosages. I am now at 360 mg.  It has worked wonders for my Afib and blood pressure.  I always take it at night become since it makes me tired.  My brother started taking it and it has really helped lower his blood pressure.
After a couple of years of trying to cope on my own with PTSD, the symptoms became overwhelming, so I sought help. How glad I am that I did. Wellbutrin has been amazing for me. For some lucky people, it takes effect very quickly, and that was the case for me: within three days, my profound sadness and paralyzing pervasive sense of despair was gone, replaced by a cheerful, calm outlook. I was stunned by the radical change! Suddenly, I had energy, was able to again face daily challenges, and once again look forward each night to the next day. I haven 't felt like this in years! The old me is back! Side effects - nightmares &amp; tremor in arms - were minimal &amp; only during 1st week.
Started on 15mg week one. Week two 30mg. Week 4 60mg. Bingo. Back down to 30mg after one year and I 've now been on 30mg for for 6 years. Helped sleep instantly (asleep within 30mins) but hit me hard for first two weeks. Adjusted after that and never slept better. About a month and half after initially starting, depression improved in combination with CBT. I notice a lot of people complaining the drug isn 't an instant fix, well it takes time and is designed to be an augmentation to CBT (it 's not a magic pill). If you are feeling better immediately thats called the placebo because the drug is not yet at a therapeutic level...
I have been taking tretinoin for a month and couldn 't be more happy with the results I 've seen in just a month. I would recommend it to anybody. Went to the doctor on 3-2-15 for a check up and I got five refills on it so can 't wait to see the six month results very pleased with it besides the flaking and burning I get on my face. I also got a face buffer to take off all the dead flakey skin every morning.
I have been dealing with clinical depression since I was in kindergarten (I 'm 41 now).  Have been on and off many different antidepressants over the years (mostly off because of the side effects and some making me feel worse).  Therapy never helped.  Have been on Celexa 20mg for last month- month 1/2 and it 's working very well.  I have actually lost 11 lbs being on it because of loss of appetite.  The only side effects I don 't like is increase headaches and decreased libido.  I do still feel sad and alone at times, but not as bad as I used to.  I am using Xanax a lot less too.
I started my Xolair shots May 2016 after suffering hive out breaks for 5 plus years. The shot worked immediately. I had 9 injections once monthly. Then I had a new insurance provider which  requires me to start the regime Allegra, Zantac and Hydroxyzine HCL two times daily then adding Singular. Two days on Singular I had horrible outbreaks called my Allergy Dr. continued on with other meds waiting to get approved for Xolair.  The shot cant come soon enough. Now I just hope I can afford it.
Iam a 70 yr. Old diabetic and have been type 2 for 15 yrs. Started victozA last week. I immediately felt better no more headaches and my morning   blood glucose is under 100 for the first time in years. Iam running 3 x a week and eating low carb diet about 45 carbs per meal as directed by Dr. Iam losing weight about 2 pounds in first week. I have not noticed any negatives with victoza other than some flatus and stomach rumbling. My cravings for sugar is diminishing and I have alot of energy. I would recommend any reader to go to a dr. Who specializes in endocrinology and get a diabetic nutritionist to set up a meal plan for you. Also key is to exercise daily and stay positive. Even though you are a diabetic by taking care of your body .
I have been on Victoza for 4 weeks now.  I started at 0.6 for a week then went up to 1.2 on the eighth day.  Side effects the first couple weeks included nausea, sore back, headache, sour stomach, etc. though none of them were unbearable and the results have been worth it. I have lost nearly 20 pounds and my blood sugar readings have dropped dramatically. I am often into the normal range before meals now. Food cravings are all gone and I am eating 3 small meals a day. A handful of raw almonds is all I can handle as a snack.
I have been on SSRI since the age of 14 now I can tell you I am 42 now and have lived half my life in a fog. Feeling tierd, not interested in anything just wanting to sleep. I changed from lexapro to cymbalta a week ago and wow.  I have energy I 'm not like dragging myself around all day. I feel motivated - the only down fall has been hot flashes. I read cymbalta can cause that but I will deal with it as I feel as great. I have more than one emotion, I would say definately try it everyone is going to respond differently. Have had some issues waking up alot at night. But that 's about it. I have to pay 200 dollars a month for this medicine but it is worth it. Good luck to you
Today is day 3 on Chantix. I have smoked 1-2 packs per day for 18 years. I have only had 2 cigarettes today and my desire for them has already greatly diminished.  When I think I need one, I just keep thinking of all that I am without it and it helps me through.  My quit date is 8/21 and I really feel that I will have no problem being smoke-free by then.  I am experiencing a few side effects, constipation which I 've cured by taking an herbal detox supplement, gas and bloating, some fuzzy feelings, and vivid dreams, which do not seem to bother me.  Today I 'm taking over my &quot;smoking porch&quot;, repainting it to make it smoke-free, so I do not associate my favorite place in my house with cigarettes. I am so ready to quit!
I am 25 years old. Over the last 3 years I have pretty muched ruined most of my relationships involving my career and my personal life. The most common symptoms I experience are: Difficulty concentrating and staying on task, caprishious behavior/severe mood swings, impulsive behavior/making irrational decisions that significantly impact my future, depression, and anxiety. I had a great job, and I had lots of friends. Unfortunately, difficult events took place that caused my emotional health to start spiraling out of control. I became diagnosed with ADD/ADHD in April 2013. Started Addrerall 30mg XR. It really helped me feel more motivated, less depressed, and I felt I could concentrate much better. I definitely recommend this medication!
Now in my late 50 's, I have been a lifelong migraine sufferer. My new neurologist  recommended Topamax (FDA approved for migraine therapy). I am going on week 3 with promising results...for the first time in years I am waking up to no headaches and am not getting headaches as the day wears on.  I 'm sleeping better. I am experiencing a slight problem with focus/concentration but am  told that this side effect should subside over time. Providing the side effects are minimal and non-intrusive, I can see staying on this medication-I 'm hopeful.
I started having horrible constant GI pain a few years ago. I went to various doctors, and had every test known to man 5 times over. They always told me that all test came back normal and that I was perfectly healthy, even though I was vomiting every day and went days in between meals due to feeling too sick to eat. I was 117 pounds and losing weight everyday and thought I was going to eventually die from it. I went to another GI doctor a year or so ago. He did scope and said the results look normal, but I probably have severe IBS. He started me on this med and it has helped a lot. I have gained a ton of weight and can eat regularly. I still have flare ups but this med does a good job at keeping me healthy.
I have both psoriasis and psoriatic arthritis. I have been dealing with psoriasis for over 20yrs all over my body and head ...always embarrassed and having to wear long sleeved shirts. Those of you that are still looking for something Stelara is worth trying. I love it after trying several other medications this is so far the best. I have found and it helps with both. I haven 't had any side effects either. I have a 3yr old and I can finally take him to the park alone.
I have just been on Aromasin just 9 days and so far have no side effects.  I tried Femara and after 14 days went off it because of joint pain and fatigue.  On Femara it was so bad that I couldn 't climb my staircase without crying.  So far Aromasin is a miracle drug for me if it stops estrogen in its tracks!
Silenor still working well for me.
I don 't have any chronic problems. Last weekend I hurt my neck when cleaning the chicken coop and I was in agony for 2 days. Could not sit or lie down without unbearable pain in my neck and left shoulder blade. Went to my chiropractor 2 days in a row. Finally saw my doctor and he gave me Robaxin. What a relief! It stops the muscle tension completely for 4-6 hours. I will use it for a few days along with resting and warm epsom salt baths to be able to continue with my daily life. No side effects for me. Only used it one day.
It definitely works! Took with Zquil before bed and slept fantastic! The next night I only took Mucinex before bed and slept only 2 hours! But cough and cold was gone faster then ever before.
I found this medication to be very effective. Worked very well, and I slept like a baby for the first time in years.
I am a professional in my late 20s who has had to do a lot of public speaking as of late for work.  I have somehow coped with the symptoms of my performance anxiety (extreme heart beat, flushed face, shaking, frozen mind, inability to form complete thoughts, stuttering) until recently since my job depends upon my public speaking and the anxiety has become over burden some.  No matter how hard I prepared for public speaking before, I would always experience these debilitating symptoms.  Went to doctor who prescribed propranolol before performances.  It is really like magic.  It completely eliminates my awful physical symptoms.  I feel totally relaxed and able to perform to my fullest.  Has changed my life!  Wish I knew about it years ago!
I have been on Belviq 8 days and was 293 pounds. Now I am 282 pounds. Side effects early I was a little tired and headache.Will keep you posted. Sam
I 'm in the third day of taking Clarithromycin 500mg (1 pill 2x/day) for a double ear infection. I 've been experiencing on and off pain, fluid drainage, poor hearing and just plain annoying sensations in my ears. I had a lymph node the size of a golf ball in my neck &amp; neck pain. Now, lymph node shrunk, no more fluid or pain or annoying feelings. I can 't sleep at night, though. No stomach problems or pain, but instead, I 'm starving. It seems to have sped up my metabolism and though I 'm eating more than I ever have before I 'm actually losing weight for the first time in years. I 'm a normal, healthy woman, 5ft 5in and 130lbs. Did someone switch my medicines with a miracle pill??
I was taking Lyrica for several years.  I stopped taking it because of the price.  My prescription medications are covered by Medicare &amp; other insurance, but I do not believe in indiscriminately spending Medicare money.  So, again, only because of the cost, I stopped. My feet went wild, burning pain, could not even have the bed covers on them at night.  I got my Rx for Lyrica renewed and when it came I first took 2 caps in order to see if it would get started again.  It did!  I 'm going to be doing a bit of research on the internet for a lower cost alternative.  Gabapentin looks good at the moment, maybe on my next doc appt. I 'll try it.I gave it only a 9 because of the cost, but for effectiveness I 'd give it as high a number as allowed.
I love the patch, I 'm 17 and I 've been on it for 4-5 months, it 's so convenient and easy! My periods last 4 days and are super light, never got sick or felt sleepy! It 's amazing.
Suffered a serious and painful injury during physical activity, which has left me bedridden for several months. I use Methadone along with quick-acting pain killers (Oxycodone) and my pain is now nearly nonexistant.
Was sick with the worst sinus infection in my life for at least 3 weeks. It began to turn into pneumonia. Amoxil wasn 't working. 2 doses of Ceftin so far and I 'm feeling much better. 
Just posting an update from my last post a few months ago.  The hypoallergenic estradiol (basically, a compounded version of Estrace from a compounding pharmacy) continues to be very effective for me - relieving vaginal burning/pain and urinary urgency/frequency.  For women out there suffering those issues in perimenopause (when it hit me), know that it was suggested that I had interstitial cystitis and that I was off-base when I told doctors I was reacting badly to propylene glycol and glycerin, ingredients in many vaginal products.  The compounded version of Estrace has been SO helpful for me and after many painful, difficult months, I feel myself again. 
Lamictal helps with my bipolar depression. I haven 't felt helpless or hopeless since starting the medication. I take the maximum dosage of 200mg twice per day.
I have taken Ambien for about a year now and sleep well, at least 6-8 hours every night and wake up refreshed.  I agree with others to not take until ready to get into bed because I have experienced the same experience of not remembering what I have done if I take it earlier then bedtime.  Works great for me.
I have chronic gout problems, been having for 15 years. Advil works good for my back pain and most of the time for joint pain if taken at the first feeling of gout flare. Taking four 200mg caps at a time.
I 've been on Sprintec for about seven months.  I was originally on Depo Provera shots, which stopped my normally sporadic and horrific periods completely but left me gaining weight dangerously fast and killed my sex drive, completely.  Sprintec doesn 't seem to have any of the side effects of Depo.  My periods are light and on time exactly every 28 days, lasting 3 or four days, tops, my skin is flawless, and although I do have some light mood changes accompanying PMS (which is something over the Depo, which seemed to completely rob me of all emotion), it 's so inexpensive, I would and often do highly recommend it.
When I first had Nexaplanon inserted (Oct. 2015) I was constantly bleeding although sometimes it would be so light I wouldn 't need a panty liner. It stayed like that for about 6 months (March 2016) and since then I have not had a period at all and it is wonderful. Also when I first got it in it would randomly make my arm numb and tingle. My gynecologist prescribed some medication to help nerves as the implant was pushing on some nerves. I have been on plenty different birth controls and this is by far my favourite. No periods, no cramps, no mood swings, no weight gain, and lastly no babies!
I suffer from cluster headaches and they are no fun. Had one this morning and took 10 mg Percocet. It did not take it away. I was a little skeptical about a Cambia pack I got from doctor, but after 3 hours and no relief I took it and within 30 minutes it was gone. Been suffering from these for 18 years and will keep some this on hand just in case.
I have been taking Dexilant for about 2 weeks.  I did not realize how bad I had been feeling before taking the drug.  I thought I was just a stomach sensitive person and would just have to put up with the ups and downs.  It 's all ups now, I feel great.
I had my first shots on 1-21-16 OMG did it hurt so bad lots of pressure but I got through it I felt  amazing after couple hrs  so glad to rid of that pain and ouch!  I had second shots week later in both knees it was less pain this time  went great.  On Feb 9 I had my last shots  no pain  my knees feel great still on feb 17 :)   I 'm glad I did these series of euflexxa shots ! I couldn 't even walk now wow I 'm good hope they last long time;)
I 'm a 54 yo woman, 5 ' 4&quot;. 155lbs at start. I am in awe. Been on Belviq for 11 days. First time ever that I feel completely confident that I won 't binge or overeat. I have NO side effects, eating 3 meals a day, no desire to over eat....feel full after small meal.  Its a complete miracle for me so far.  I could so this forever! Not sure how it is working but I love it!  Trust that I can even eat a forbidden food in small amount. Its the BEST! 
I was hit by a dump truck. I tried aleve and naproxen which helped for a little while. My doctor gave me a prescription for Vicodin and it has helped me so much. Vicodin has never made me queasy, drowzy or loopy. I have never had any side effects from taking it. For severe pain, your doctor might recommend taking it with a muscle relaxant.
It really helped me. Recommend it to anyone.
Works well for constipation due to Venlafaxine ER. I take Miralax every night at bedtime in hot tea, after typical day of drinking 2L  water, eating an extremely high-fiber diet (veg except for fish, exclusively whole grains, cook with extra-virgin olive oil), and some walking, along with lots of tea both green and black. The Miralax helps, but still only 1 movement per day, versus 3  prior to medication. When I double the Miralax, THEN things start to approach pre-medication regularity.
So I 've been taking Topiramate for 3 yrs for seizures &amp; migraines (both of which have disappeared.) Yes, the side effects are terrible, especially the word searching &amp; insomnia. But my seizures were debilitating, &amp; I was having migraines 3x a month, so I can deal with the side effects. My biggest problem is the lack of appetite. Because of my insomnia, my doc switched me to Qudexy, which is topiramate in a time release capsule. When I was taking regular Topiramate I did lose weight, approx 60lbs in 2 yrs &amp; then the weight loss stopped. I went from 200 lbs-140 lbs. &amp; I very happy with that. Since I switched to Qudexy 2 months ago, I 've lost close to 20 lbs &amp; have no desire to eat. I feel like I 'm force feeding myself. I dont know what to do.
Beware!  This works, but if you ever are without it- you 'll not sleep.  Withdrawals are a little rough if you are trying to come off use another otc sleep aid while off.  My insurance quit coverage and I had to get thru without it .  Not easy.
Had a major panic attack back in January - never had one before (no family history) - horrific feeling. Had to be taken by an ambulance to local ER. Doctor there gave me prescription for 15 5mg pills in case anxiety came back. One day sitting at my desk I started feeling  'lightheaded ' and knew something wasn 't right. An anxiety was starting to build - your body automatically starts to scan itself for any problems. Took one pill and 30 mins later I was back to normal - my mind wasn 't racing anymore. Lorazepam works great for me. I always carry  with me anywhere I go - just in case.
I have a lot of skincare allergies that manifest as perioral dermatitis.  For years it cleared up after stopping use of what was triggering it.  Two years ago it became chronic and not a day went by that I didn 't have at least one or two of those annoying bumps, but often more like 10-20 and persistent redness.  After being misdiagnosed as folliculitis and rosacea, I found a derm that got it right and was prescribed Elidel because I had already tried and had no success with all of the typical treatments.  Elidel was able to completely clear up the rash in less than a week and has continued to keep me clear for weeks now.  I did experience a mild warming feeling that went away after a few applications.  So happy to finally have some relief.
This medicine saved my life.
Sometimes my Diskus goes to &quot;0&quot; and I don 't see it because I take it in the early morning and at bedtime.  I DO notice the difference in my breathing.  Anytime I start to feel a  'heaviness ' I suspect that I have run out and I check the number on the Discus - this is always the reason.  I keep my reading glasses by my bed from now on, so I have not made that error since I figure this out.  Advair has been a lifesaver for me.  I think I have been on it for close to 20 years, not sure.  I am putting this here for others who don 't have their asthma under control.  I have had nothing but good experiences with this medicine.
After using Jublia for 1 week, I see a slight improvement in the color and strength of my nails. I found that the applicator would leak out more than was needed so I squeezed the entire bottle into a small glass container and dip a plastic stick in for application. I would admonish others to carefully clip/file down all affected nails as low as possible prior to starting Jublia regimen as this makes penetration easier. A total cure possibility is claimed to be 17%, so once Jublia is discontinued, the problem will most likely reappear. It beats watching ones ' nails melt away.
I have been using Aleve for about 6 months.  This medicine helps relieve all my aches and pains.  I 'm 68 and working in food industry.  Although I experience severe body and joint pains on a daily basis I take one Aleve on the days I work and can put in 4 to 6 hours pain free.  I have not suffered any side effects so far.  So far none of the other medicines I have tried have been as effective as Aleve.
Wow this medication.. it may have knocked me out many times (put me to sleep).. Hell it may have had made me sleepy 24/7, I would sleep sometimes 18 hours a day I spent a lot of time recovering with this medication.. sleeping. But I can 't complain because well.. I have my life back. And I thank all those people who put their time and effort in producing this medication because without them, who knows where I 'd be.. right now I 'm back in college off of this medication but still on abilify. This drug may not be the cure to schizophrenia.. but it does wonders.
I have been taking Fosamax (once a week form) for 10 years now without problems.  My  last scan showed an improvement of 97 percent after ten years by checking my &quot;T&quot; scores.  
This is one of the best drugs I have taken. I am able to do things I need to do. I can walk and clean house. Before taking Opana all I could do was lay on the couch. I have rheumatoid arthritis, fibromyalgia and Hepatitis C. This is the only drug that has ever helped me.
The Valium really helped with the spasms from my back which was stenosis. I took 5mg in the day and 10mg at night and that will make you run for the bed. Beware if taking the 10mg while you are up because it will knock you out.
It 's early days for me taking Valium but I have noticed a general sense of well being. I think that if you REALLY need this drug then it 's a blessing. I was suffering from post operative depression and long term anxiety issues. I don 't feel like I 'm zoned out or in some kind of vegetative state. I 'm functionally normally but with a greater sense of calmness. Before taking Valium it was like I had a million things bouncing around in my head or like I was in a sweet shop with a mind racing around as to what lollies I wanted. I have heard negative things about Valium but I am convinced that if you genuinely need this drug then it 's a wonderful thing. I give it the thumbs up.
This stuff works miracles! Took 10 oz and drunk 8-16oz of water right after and within two hours it worked through.
I am a 19 y/o female who 's never had children. I was having excessive bleeding before Skyla ( heavy periods multiple times a month). Just had the Skyla IUD inserted. Insertion was a breeze. Slight pinch, but no cramping as reported by other women. Took a Percocet before the appointment. I would recommend this for young women. I will make another review with any side effects. Very pleased so far.
I love it. I 'm in a clinical research study for Fibromyalgia in minors and after about four months of getting what I think was the placebo, I 've received the actual medicine. It 's worked. I know it has. I 've been taking it for about four weeks now, and in that time, I 've had two or three flare-ups, and minimum amount of migraines.I 'm about to play and run around with my 15 month old nephew. And I can hold him and put him down, then pick him back up and it doesn 't bother me all too much. I can 't even remember the last time I 've had to take bed rest because of doing too much.Overall, it took about 3-4 days to kick in. I 'm constantly hot and sweating, but that 's nothing compared to always being in pain.
At first I was quite terrified to start trip-cyclen based off of these reviews, however, my Doctor thought it would be a good fit for me. First of all, this birth control does as it promises-- no babies have been conceived! It seems that many users complain of weight gain, I have actually experienced weight loss. Starting tri-cyclen I weighed 148Pounds, currently I am 143. I have not experienced bloating, nausea or abdominal discomfort either.Tri-cyclen helped to make my periods lighter and relieve my cramps associated with my period which has been great. I have noticed that I receive more headaches than usual which I am associating with this medication, this is why this birth control is receiving  a 9/10 for me. otherwise  Love it so far
I didn 't realize how much Paxil helped with my panic disorder until my doctor tried to ween me off of it (I am bipolar, and SSRI 's can cause mania), but now after a couple weeks of weening, I am having severe panic attacks. So yes, Paxil does work for panic disorder.
I have been on Alesse/Aviane for 10 years. It was the first and only birth control pill I have ever used and chose it over others on purpose. I chose it because it is one of the lowest-dose oral contraceptives on the market, and the progesterone they use (levonorgestrel) is very close to the molecular makeup of natural progesterone. The only symptoms I experienced during the first month was breast tenderness and clearer skin (I used to have adolescent acne). I know some individuals have experienced more severe symptoms than I have described. I think it boils down to your own body 's hormonal balance.
I have been on the Butran pain patch for several years now because of chronic back pain (23  years). I started with 20 mcg and now I 'm on 15 mcg.  It really helps with my back pain.  I hate taking anything that blurs my mind and this by far doesn 't do that.  I am tired a lot ( I have CFS) and I drink a lot of water.  This medicine saved my life. I am now walking, swimming (I apply a waterproof bandaid over patch) stretching, and housework.  My life is so much better.  I am not pain free but on a scale of one to ten, ten being the worst - I am a three.  For almost 20 years I was a ten.  
I have severe eczema on my face, which is not only embarrassing but very uncomfortable. I was so desperate I was putting steroid creams around my eyes, which everyone knows is not the best idea. My eyelids were so swollen I didn 't have a choice. I saw a dermatologist who prescribed Protopic, but with all the warnings I was afraid to use it at first. I became so desperate I applied only a little bit, and was amazed at the results. After a day or two the inflammation is completely gone. The only major side effect is that it can make your skin feel very HOT, which gets worse with sun exposure or when consuming alcohol. But for me, it 's worth it. This drug is a miracle for someone like me, I recommend it highly.
I 'm a 32 year old guy with Stage IV malignant melanoma.  I take MS Contin 30mg every 8 hours and until the recent oxycodone I.R. shortage, Roxicodone 15mg for breakthrough pain.  Today my doc prescribed Percocet 10/325 to substitute for the Roxicodone.  At the risk of sounding like a junkie- hydrocodone products (e.g. Vicodin/Vicoprofen/Lortab, etc.) have been my opioids of choice.  I am however, very impressed with the Percocet 10/325.  It works quickly and completely without the &quot;zoned out&quot; feeling I get with Methadone or Fentanyl. All in all - good stuff.
I 'm 18 years old. I have been on Adderall for about 3 years and it is amazing. I 'm ADHD. I have tried Vyvance which did nothing for me. I have also tried Ritalin which caused a complete mood change. I had very depressing thoughts and a overall bad mood. The littlest things would set me off. I thought I was going to kill. Adderall is what I found right for me. 
I wish I would have tried Nupercainal first as I used a lot of stuff that didn 't work.  This stuff is incredible and it cleared up my issue quickly.  Not very well marketed as I stumbled upon it through a forum.  Nothing worked better.
This medication worked wonders! My lungs hurt so bad, and I was coughing with a rattling sound in my chest.  After one day of the medicine, I was breathing so much easier and the rattling was gone.
I had to have oral surgery, and took amoxicillin for two weeks. The dentist prescribed fluconazole, I got the generic. I 've used Diflucan in the past with great success. It seems that the generic does NOT work as well as the name brand. Three days/three pills later, I 'm still suffering with the yeast infection symptoms.
I had my son 3 months early and almost lost him and was on pills every 3 hours to stop preterm labor, lost a son at 20 weeks preg due to him being to small to make it when my water broke, sat in the hospital for 3 months taking those pills every 3 hours With one daughter and a constant in drip of magnesium to have her at almost term, then when my husband and I got pregnant again we were concerned, they mentioned the Makena injection but it would go in upper buttocks every 7 days ..I tried it in hopes it would work and sure enough I had her on my scheduled due date with out one complication or preterm labor symptoms , now pregnant with our last child, which I again did the Makena and am at 39 weeks without complications! Love Mackena!
My experience wasn 't that bad! When I first started taking the pill, I was very hormonal and nauseous but once a month or so kicked in, everything was fine. My periods only lasted five days and were always consistent. I did make my acne fade and I didn 't gain any weight the only sort of bad thing is that my bra size increased by a cup. I 've been on it for a year now and so far so good!
I started taking zolpidem several months after my son was KIA in Afghanistan, almost 7 years ago. My son 's death along with menopause has me feeling like I will never fall sleep naturally again.  This works incredibly well! I take 10mg after I 'm in bed and am deeply a asleep within 15 to 20 minutes. I wake up refreshed and ready for the day ahead.  I have never had any of the possible side effects that many others have listed. Reading the potential side effects that some people experience, I do get a little concerned, but since I have never had an issue with this drug, I plan to keep taking it for as long as I need it. I 've tried other sleep medications and they all have terrible side effects for me.
I have been taking Risperdal for ten years, can 't imagine life without it any more. My advice to people is don 't stop taking your medicines if you or other people think you don 't need to anymore.
I was so excited to get on Phentermine. I worked with a girl who was losing weight like crazy and asked her what she was doing and she told me she took this medicine. I was really nervous to take it because diet pills freak me out.  Every kind I have ever taken has made me sick, jittery, and more hungry.  The very first day I took this pill I had no appetite, and all I wanted to do was drink water from having dry mouth, which is great because I usually hate water.  Before I would have to eat at least every 4 hours or I would get sick, now I could go the whole day without eating!  The only thing is I have to make sure I at least eat 1 good meal or I get a migraine followed by some body aches, but then I can eat an apple and I 'm fine.
Indomethicin ER 75 mg extended release capsules have worked best for me.
I got the Nexplanon about a month after having my son. I 've had it since October 2014. For the first 2 years, I had little/no sex drive. I just started getting it back, once my periods started regulating... I am expected to get the BC taken out November 2017, but considering getting it taken out soon. I bled for the first 4-5 months, sometimes heavy, sometimes light. I literally wore a pad EVERYDAY. After 5 months, I had no period for a year and a half. I only started getting a period in October of 2016. It started out light, but it came around every 28-30 days. I started out just spotting. This birth control isn 't for everyone, But it worked pretty well for me.
Intense chronic back pain! Only relief I can find is from this medication.
I was on yaz from the time I was 16 to 22. I never really had and acne except the occasional pimple before my period. I had no break through bleeding even if I skipped my period and took my pills back to back. I had no depression or mood swings outside the normal period mood swings. I did notice a decreased libido and this wasn 't until after I went off the pill for a month. I didn 't realize how much better I felt coming off the pill. (until about the third week of coming off of it). This was the first and only birth control I tried and it worked for me. I decided to switch because I had been on it so long and thought maybe that was the reason for the decreased sex drive. That is really the only negative thing I have to say about yaz.
I 'm at the end of day 6 of my detox/withdrawal and without the clonidine I couldn 't have done it. I have been on Opiates for a few years and the 120 pills the doctor prescribed every month were usually gone in two weeks, so I had to go buy from a friend, but the ones from him were Morphine. I started getting sick the beginning of this month even when taking the prescribed pills because I don 't think the prescription was strong enough to catch up to the Morphine. The first 2 days I had no meds to help me and thought I was going to die, but now that I have the clonidine I feel much better. Before you start detox, do yourself a favor and get the meds to help you get thru it.
I love it! I went on these for irregular periods, bad cramps, and to prevent pregnancy. My body took a couple months to adjust to it and there was spotting for a couple weeks at a time and breaking out but these are only temporary side effects and around pack 3 or 4 everything was great. No periods, no babies, hardly any pimples, no cramps, and I didn 't gain weight. My sex drive is great and energy is as it has always been and my mood is normal as it was before. My suggestion to you all is let your body adjust for a few months and only consider the reviews of people who have taken Lo Loestrin Fe for 6 months or more after the side effects have subsided. Best of luck!
After reading mostly horrible reviews, I was pretty scared to get it put in. It was really the only option for me though, I have had very heavy periods since having my 2 kids. My Dr. recommended an ablation to control the bleeding, but when she sent me to an ob, she said Mirena could be something to think about. Hubby and I are done with kids, so this is only to control the bleeding. Anyways when I went in for the Mirena I barely felt a thing. A little bit of cramping that was it. Since then, I have had some spotting here and there. But no acne, weight gain, or moodiness. Sex drive is still great as ever. Nothing had changed for me. Everyone is different. You will only know how your body will react if you try it.
I started Siliq 6 months ago at 90 % body coverage of plaque psoriasis. I cannot thank my derm enough for recommending this medication. For the first time in 20 years I can wear a dress!! After the first 3 months of usage I had less than 30 percent dryness on my skin. Highly recommended, you wont be disappointed.
I am on my 4th month of Paragard and the horrible cramping/long periods have ended! I usually have very light periods to begin with, so maybe that is why I only had 3 longer than usual periods with this, while other people have that for up to a year.  Either way, I highly recommend!
I had been tested for everything to try and find the cause of constant bladder infections, or so I thought. It wasn 't till I saw a urologist that I found the answer to my problem. I never had Bladder infections, but chronic cystitis, found after some very intrusive camera shots of my bladder. She first tried stretching my bladder to see if this helped. It didn 't. She then suggested Endep, not for depression but it had been used for cystitis and burning mouth, which I also suffer from. It has helped my burning bladder problem 100% as long as I don 't forget to take my tablets. If I forget just one, I have the pain back for about two weeks before I get back on track.My burning mouth is also about 60% better but not gone. &quot;Side effects weight gain&quot;.
Has been a life saver to me. I have a very long history with trauma and has caused me a lifetime of serious pain CRPS, FIBROMYALGIA, PTSD . All my doctor 's had said the pain was &quot;in my head&quot;, and hearing someone, who SHOULD understand that you can have unimaginable pain due to trauma combined with other Neurological &amp; Psychiatric issues. Thanks to my Psychiatrist for prescribing this for me..It 's helped with my depression anxiety and insomnia as well. My doctor and I have an incredible bond...A bond that has taken years, decades, to build the most respected form of TRUST. I DO NOT MESS WITH NOR USE MY MEDICATIONS FOR ANYTHING OTHER THAN WHAT I 'M PRESCRIBED. I keep my RXs to myself &amp; hidden well. Do Not Mess with medicine. NOT INTENDED FOR RECREATIONAL USE, EVER!!!!
It helps when I am having a bad episode with my legs, it helps me calm down enough to sleep.
I was prescribed 2mg of Klonopin following my sons traumatic birth and the PTSD that followed. It was a lifesaver. I continue to take it as-needed and find it hugely beneficial. I have been on many other meds in the past for depression and anxiety and Klonopin is the only thing that works perfectly for me. Seems a small miracle to be able to treat my anxiety and maintain my weight and sex drive at the same time.
I spent 10 years trying to get my rheumatoid arthritis (RA) diagnosed - it runs in my family - but because I was considered &quot;young&quot; (in my 20s) when the pain started, and because it started in my shoulders (just like my mother), numerous doctors didn 't think it was RA. Finally, a Naval doctor diagnosed it and added Plaquenil when Mobic alone was not alleviating my symptoms. Since being on both, I have had very few flares. I have now been seeing a rheumatologist, and to eliminate the remaining flares, he has since added sulfasalazine and I have been pain free for over 1 year now.
I started the pill after being diagnosed with polycystic ovarian syndrome when I was 18. My doctor put me on Yasmin. I gained a lot of weight and my cup size went from barely C to D/almost DD. I switched to Loestrin 24 FE to make my breast &quot;normal&quot; size again. It worked, and I went back to my normal weight, too. The first month I was spotty and moody; the pill timing is sensitive. But since then, everything has been smooth. I have a light period (only about 3 days) with minor cramps every month which sure beats the inconsistent, week-long ones with heavy bleeding and paralyzing cramps that resulted from PCOS. Overall, after almost 3 years, Loestrin has worked great for me and made my menstrual cycle a breeze. As long as you are consistent, it should work fine.
In the past, I had been given all types of medicines for migraine prevention and by far Zonegran has been THE BEST. I 've had very few side effects that I can notice. The number of headaches that I normally have are decreased tremendously! I can really tell when I miss doses of the medication because the headaches come back full force but once I get the medicine in my system again, everything is all good! If you haven 't tried Zonegran, PLEASE DO!
I started Tazorac on February 17, 2017. I had bad acne on my cheeks, and tiny bumps on my forehead. 4 weeks into Tazorac yes it did get worse. I didn 't want to go to school or even go out with friends and family ! So, I went back to my dermo and he told me to keep my head up and that Tazorac was purging my skin and bringing everything to the surface. Slowly but surely, MY FACE LOOKS AMAZING !! It 's May 13, 2017 and I barely have anything on my face and it 's as smooth as a baby 's bottom. If you 're going through the purging stage I know what you are going through but I promise to stick with it and just know that the Tazorac is getting all the gunk out of your skin !! stay positive, drink water, use tazorac !!
I am a 31 year old male US Army combat vet who suffers from arthritis. For years it went untreated and I was in pain every day all day until I was prescribed Celebrex, within a few days I felt better than I had in years. Upon waking in the morning I take 100mg 's and within an hour or so I feel relief, if I miss a dose I can tell and I can feel it. I do not suffer any of the mentioned side affects after approximately 5 years. Of course it does not work for everyone but at this point I cannot live without it
I have been using Uloric 40mg 1 x a day for just about 3 months. It has been working very well, but I was off it for two days and pain started up quickly again in my toe and hand joints. Went back on it and is working again. Colchicine works but the diarrhea is terrible. Also my uric acid level was just above 7.0 at start but now is very low and normal.
Just been on lexapro for 14 days getting anxious for complete cycle of lexapro for or system. So far. No real problem with side effects. Great med so far,
I rely on this medicine and although it is expensive, it is great!
I 've only been on latuda 2 weeks (20 mg) so I 'm rating this medication based on short-term use. It 's been wonderful so far. I 've been on Lamictal + Neurontin for the past year and a half, and I was rapidly cycling instead of feeling genuinely stable or good. Latuda has really stabilized me. I feel &quot;good&quot; every day, if not really good/great. I have energy, but not manic/frenzied/restless. &quot;Good mood&quot; for me always carried the additional symptom of manic/tormenting agitation. I was afraid to take an antipsychotic because of the fear of weight gain. However, I have had no weight gain so far on Latuda. My appetite has been the same. I am also sleeping well. Latuda helps me fall asleep. No major side effects.
I love it. It worked well for my children.
I 've been very happy with Sprycel for more than three years now. However, these last few months I 've been experiencing various symptoms which I believe are related to this medicine. I have bone pain that no doctor is explaining, I often have some difficulty breathing and I feel tried all the time. Nevertheless, I would not chose to change Sprycel; I have tired four types of medications of which this was the only one I faced no side effect troubles with.
I 'm 23 and have never had children. I got my Paraguard IUD a year ago. The insertion hurt a lot less than I thought it was going to and was more uncomfortable than anything. I had mild cramping and spotting for about a week after and no cramping since. My periods have been more irregular and heavier with the Paraguard than previously, but overall I 'm very happy with it.
Have been on clindamycin 7+ days (300 mg morning &amp; night) &amp; am doing just fine. Have another week to go.  Did not know about drinking lots of water, taking with food or sitting up afterwards. Just got bad dry mouth. Was prescribed this because I am allergic to penicillin.  Told if I didn 't finish it all, I was in danger of sepsis. Bad tooth/jaw infection with killer pain. Felt better in 24 hours. Worked great for me. (Sorry for those of you who had terrible reactions. Hope you have gone back to your doctor since C-diff is a real possibility. I had ulcers and gastritis before and shudder when you mention the pain.)
This medication is amazing, mostly because it starts working immediately and you don 't have to wait a few weeks like with other medicines.  My doctor had me taking it regularly for two months until my lexapro and seroquel kicked in, and then weaned me off of it.  I now take it only every once in a while.  
I 've been diagnosed with chronic insomnia and general anxiety for 9 years. I also suffer from depression, but refuse to be medicated directly for it (specifically SSRI 's) after dealing with Paxil and the horrible withdrawal I experienced 8 years ago. So recently I was prescribed 30mg Doxepin in addition to my Zolpidem (Ambien) for my insomnia. My insomnia has slightly improved, but more pronounced has been the reduction in both occurrence and severity of my anxiety (within the first week) and depression (after about 3-4 weeks). It 's been about 6 weeks since I started the doxepin and haven 't noticed any negative side effects besides some dry mouth/eyes, which is far outweighed by the benefits I 've received.
I had extreme fatigue with back pain, headache and nausea for 3-4 weeks.  I couldn 't sleep but was tired all the time.  After 2-3 days taking the 6 day Dosepak I felt 80% better.  I was still a little fatigued and my back still hurt some but I truly felt 80% better.  I am starting day 4 tomorrow and hope to continue on this path as life has been absolutely miserable the last few weeks.
Have taken Tramadol for depression after being labeled treatment-resistant. I have tried all SSRIs, all SNRIs, and one tricyclic antidepressant and did not respond to any of them. Tramadol is the only medicine to bring depression relief. Scientific research at the University of Cincinnati supports this claim as Tramadol is thought to have SNRI properties and may even help OCD in some. Love it.
This was the only medicine I could take and didn 't have a care or worry in the world.
I switched to the patch after getting Depo-Provera shots for about two years. I have to say I love the patch and that it is extremely effective and very convenient. The only issue I seem to have is that when I take it off, the day I start my period I nearly always get a major migraine, but that could also be linked to my period. My skin is normally clear, way clearer than it was before I was on the patch, and my period does not last as long as they did before I used birth control. My breasts I 'm sure are also bigger because of it, which to me is too big. Overall it has prevented pregnancy thus far for me, and I plan on using it for a while.
Phenomenal. No impact on sex drive in fact it has improved!Before Lexapro I tried Zoloft and Lovan with no success at all.
Skyla was super easy to have inserted. Get an experienced doctor. It literally took like 20 seconds. I would categorize it as really uncomfortable. But have someone there to distract you and is not bad at all.  It wasn 't painful. Also, get it done during your period, sounds like it makes a big difference. If your doc offers anti anxiety meds, take them. If they don 't, ask for them, then take them. It helped me. After the insertion, no more pain, just regular period style cramps.
Really helped to control my GERD symptoms.
So I have been on this medication for almost 2 months. While I 'm not losing as quickly as I anticipated,  I am losing nonetheless. The only complaint I have are the side effects. Extreme dry mouth at times and horrible nausea.  I am at the 4 pills a day now, that 's when the nausea kicked in. Though, it is a deterrent from eating. Over all, this medication is effective, just be prepared for the side effects
My first injection was friday. By sunday morning i felt like a weight was lifted off my shoulders. I felt no pain. NONE! As someone that is on their feet for 12 hours a day, i cant believe i can come home and play with my daughter again without wincing in pain and struggling to function after 7pm. This is a miracle. The price of this drug is frustrating and i hope that may change over time, but if that is the price to pay to feel well, ill deal with it. I hope this was informative.
Symptoms: Weight gain, weight gain, weight gain, overall body pain, bloating, dizziness, tiredness...After years of taking this medication, I became extremely miserable and had to backtrack to find the cause. I rated this a 10 because it is an effective birth control for many reasons. Plus side: Symptoms disappear after you stop this medication.
My mom was diagnosed with stage IV NSCLC in June 2014. He couldn 't move her left side very well and like a stroke because her cancer was spread to brain, she got radiation treatment (10 sessions), then she could walk herself. Her oncologist prescribed Tarceva 150 mg. She is still taking Tarceva until today, almost 9 months, she has the common side effects, rashes, loss appetite, so that she lose weight a lot. But her tumor size is decreased a lot. I 'm very worried her, because she is coughing on these days when she drink water or mid of conversation. But she improved a lot her condition. I hope she get well soon like a normal healthy life. Thanks for Tarceva.
I was on Topamax and my Dr. added 300 mg Trileptal twice a day to deal with anxiety issues caused by Topamax. I have experienced no weight gain and few side effects. There was an initial feeling of &quot;contentment&quot; whenever I took it, but this wore off after a couple weeks. Since adding Trileptal to the repertoire I 've experience no manic symptoms but blessed, normal emotions. It 's like the anxiety was cut away and a real human being was exposed underneath. The emotions are loud and clear but they aren 't overpowering. No cycling. I 'd say this was a real plus.
It took about 9 weeks of use for it to kick in , but the pain was then reduced by at least 90% making it bearable to wait out the tests and appointments and scans which have taken several months already to try to determine the cause. Only side effect is drowsiness and occasional nausea which lasts a few minutes . I can 't seem to sleep enough to catch up.I have been on it for 5 months now. Swelling suddenly came up in November 2015 and was finally prescribed Pentoxifylline in April 2016 after 5 months of real pain, then 2 more months before it took effect.
I had a serious problems with GERD. Chest pain, jaw pain, abdominal pain, and back pain caused from GERD makes me feel like I am dying, literally. I 've been in the ER well over 4 times for this alone. I 've been prescribed everything you can think of. I tried anything I could try to help this problem to no avail. The ONLY thing that helps with the chest pain is milk but it doesn 't stop it completely it doesn 't even touch the abdominal pain at all though and it 's so excruciating that it is dibilitating. I 'm 8 months pregnant now and I went in to labor and delivery with the worst abdominal pain I 've ever felt in my life, prescribed carafate and works in 20 mins. Miracle drug for me.
I 've been on this medicine since March 28, 2014 and it 's currently 3/28/2017. Very effective medicine with no weight gain, but it takes away my ability to ejaculate which I sometimes miss. I 've really been waiting on the injection version to be available as this is the best medicine we 've found for me for depression and psychosis and I 'd like to try the shot. Our insurance Aetna &amp; medicaid covers the co-pay entirely. This medicine is great for anyone suffering from schizophrenia, depression, autism, or bi-polar. I 've been diagnosed with all four. Other medicines I 've tried are Latuda which gave me the need to constantly move akathesia, I 've been on nearly every medicine and I 'd recommend this one the highest , I also take clonidine to sleep
These are the ONLY prenatals that don 't constipate me at all AND don 't have a stool softener, which I am glad for.  I don 't like the idea of relying on stool softeners for such a lengthy amount of time.  I don 't get any aftertaste etc. from them.  It 's tough to shuck out 40 bucks a month for vitamins, but knowing I 'll be able to have normal bowel movements makes it worth it.
Had it inserted at 53 years age,  as I was still having regular periods within normal range frequency.   New female Gynocologist recommended it.  Initially had some spotting then periods ended.  Currently no problem.  Wish I had it when I was younger.
The medication is 100% effective in preventing pregnancy, as long as you follow the guidelines of the medication. This is my 3rd month on the pill I have not gained weight or had any serious side effects. I do notice that I get cramps the week of my period but very minor. My period flow is a lot lighter. The only discomfort is breast enlargement and tenderness.
Works like a charm.  It was prescribed for me for Bipolar I disorder (as part of my cocktail of meds), especially for symptoms involving lack of sleep.  I have been struggling with sleep problems for so many years, and this works great for me at 50 mg.  It even helps with depression and anxiety temporarily.  I feel a lot calmer, which is definitely needed for me, especially at night.  It helps with racing thoughts and voices as well.  No more &quot;noise&quot; in my head at night for most part.
I actually take it for chronic depression.  I was amazed at the improvement in made  in my mood and generate outlook in life. I feel as though I have been given a second chance at life. One side effect that I noticed is that it improved my faith in a higher being (God) or who ever you wish to call him/her. Surprisingly not uncommon for this medication.
Started Victoza on the morning of 10 June 2016 (obtained privately for weight loss only). Weight loss as at today 's date (29 June 2016) stands at 10lbs for a total period of 19 days which is great in my book. Starting weight was 203lbs. Some side effects including mild headache after injection which lasted for 20 mins (first 3 days only). Very low blood sugar on day 2 which came on suddenly over the space of 15 mins (ate something which resolved it but it was still very worrying so now try to eat regularly - every few hours and keep glucose tabs on hand in case of an emergency). Slight and mild nausea on and off over first 10 days and some mild cramps every now and again after eating plus more bowel movements then normal, but otherwise ok.
At first, between the spontaneous nausea, diarrhea, and brain zaps, I thought I couldn 't handle it.  I have been on every SSRI known to science including Cymbalta.  The side effects of Viibryd were so bad when I went to 20mg so I ask my Doctor if we could just go back to the 10mg for a couple more weeks.  2 days after that decision, things really cleared up.  The nausea softened and Imodium AD took care of the Diarrhea.  Suddenly, I felt so much better and my libido came roaring back.  I haven 't felt this good in many many years.  But, I had to go through hell to get to this point. This is not your usual medication. It takes perseverance, dedication and a lot of patience. Plan to spend 2, 3 or 4 months to adapt- but it 's worth it.
I have an auto immune system disease, my monthly periods were a big problem my doc put me on lybrel in 2009 no problems helped in many areas. Every one is different may not be for every one.
Finally0 found a medication with little side effects
I just want to say that I read all these reviews when I first started using Tretinoin 6 months ago and it gave me hope that my skin would be normal. And I can honestly say that it worked wonders on my skin. I was having trouble with my acne again, I 've always had skin problems. I 've taken acutane and it worked for a little but my acne came back with a vengence. When I first stared tretinoin it was rough, my skin was very dry and I broke out really bad. It lasted for about 3 months until I stopped having bad breakouts and my skin started feeling smooth and my scars were fading as well. If you are on this cream and wanting to stop, just keep going! Now that I have been on it for 6 months my skin is normal and I 'm happy with the results.
I 've been on Lysteda for 6 months and it really has saved my sanity. I didn 't want to jump the gun with a review as I 've had birth control pills work for a month or 2 then suddenly my period would come back as bad, if not worse, and lasted once for 41 days! The bleeding and clotting sending me to the bathroom every 30-45 mins has stopped, no more getting up in the middle of the night or changing the sheets at 4am and I 've been very lucky with no side effects. 6 pills a day is a lot but considering the alternative of unstoppable bleeding, I happily take them.  It 's not a total miracle, I still have &quot;heavy&quot; days those would 've been a good day for me in the past.  It 's worth it, I 'm very happy with it.
It 's always a test of one person. Everyone will have anti-depressants that work best for them. I tried Lexapro and Wellbutrin. I hated Wellbutrin. Prozac gave me ZERO side effects. No sexual frustration, no irritability, and no insomnia. I 'm on my 6th month and just got bumped from 20mg to 40mg because of seasonal depression and feel a HUGE deal better. I 've lost 10lbs in 3 weeks because my appetite and drinking are also under control. I 've also heard Prozac is associated with weight loss. If something isn 't working for you, give it a try. 
I have been on medical disability for over a year due to treatment resistant MDD, GAD and severe anxiety.  For the past 4 years, I 've been on 375 mg Effexor with Clonazipam.  Finally trying Brintellix, and although it has only been a week into the transition to this med, I am blown away by the major improvement in my life.  I actually feel normal.  Like a veil was lifted.  I had even just been approved by insurance to receive TMS therapy, but am not going to do it since this med is so effective.  I am having significant stomach pain in the past couple of days, but just read that it has a bad interaction with the two meds I take for migraines and neck pain, Ibuprophen and Ultram. Hopefully, it will settle down.
I started getting migraines my last 2 years in the Army. I tried a lot of oral medications but nothing worked. I 'd literally had daily migraines for months at a time. I was miserable.  I went to a VA neurologist who tried oral one time and said he would like to try botox if I was willing to take 31 injections to my face, head, neck, and shoulders. I jumped at the chance bc I 'd heard that some migraine suffers got relief. The first time I got the injections my headache was gone before I left his office.  He thought it might be psychosomatic because it usually will take a week or so to notice a difference.  But I went 12 weeks and got only 3 migraines. I believe I 'm on my 6th or 7th round of treatments and they 're working great.
I was on Metformin and had trouble with the Diarrhea side effects. Dr put me on Glipizide Er 10mgs. Works great and no side effects. Added Januvia to my therapy. 6.4 A1c.
After trying 5 other anti-depressants I was finally given Viibryd. I feel better than I have in years. Thankfully, I haven 't had any of the problems listed in other posts. I 'm starting on month two so I 'm hoping this medicine continues to keep working so well.
It cured my seasonal depression which had lasted from age 21 to age 49.  But it will not work for people who take too low a dosage.  Everyone should work with their doctor to find a dosage level that works and it takes a few weeks at a dosage to determine if that level is or is not effective.   I take 400 per day.
Could not sleep 2 nights in a row. So I decided to try 2 Unisom tables.  Took about 10pm. Slept amazing. Woke at 7.30 am took kids to school (felt like I was exhausted) went back to bed woke up at 1pm. Still pretty groggy and sluggish. Trying to wake up.
My only complaint is allergic to adhesive of patch but Relief of symptoms has out weighed the reaction to adhesive.
I have taken this medication about 3 times 4 250mg (1000mg total) all at once and every time its the same side effects feeling hot extremely nauseous and very bad stomach pain although its a very uncomfortable feeling the medication is very effective the uncomfortable feeling last close to about 2 hours and then gradually the pain goes away besides the pain. It 's a great medication good luck.
I LOVE NUVARING!  I have NO side effects and my doctor said it was safe to use it continuously each month, how convenient is that! I get to pick and choose when I have my cycle and I insert it and forget about it for the month, it 's the most idiot proof product ever.
I started taking Adipex 2 weeks ago. I weighed in at 232 lbs. As of today I weigh 222 lbs. So I 've lost 10 lbs in 2 weeks. I tried taking Alli in January along with the Special K diet and exercise and lost maybe 5 lbs. I am so excited about Adipex. It has helped me cut my portions down. I still eat normal food, just not as much. I have to force myself to eat. So far the only side effects I 've had is dry mouth, but that has helped me drink lots of water. I 've also had a little constipation. I have stopped drinking Coke. I have had some, but I don 't have the desire to drink it. If I get a coke from somewhere I only have like 3 sips out of it and end up throwing it out. I love Adipex.
I 've been dealing with acne for over a year now which has resulted in unsightly dark spots around the sides of my face and forehead. I 've used numerous chemical peels and microdermabrasion 's which did not help. Finally I seen a dermatologist who prescribed Tri-Luma, and I can honestly say that it has only been a week and my dark spots are almost unnoticeable! This is TRULY a miracle in a tube! This cream is not covered with Aetna insurance, they consider this for cosmetic purposes. Retail price  is about $160, but I found a coupon online which dropped the price to $110. I would definitely recommend this to ANYONE who has dark spots from acne scars!
I am a 46 year old female diagnosed with Barretts Esophagus 9 years ago... have had GERD since age 16.  Have also had a Nissen Fundoplication surgery 2 years ago.  Have been on proton pump inhibitors off and on most of my adult life.  Zegrid is the only medication that comes close to working.  I do take with another medication in the evenings.
For jet-lag.
I am thrilled!  I have been on this med for a week for nightly nasal congestion and love the results.  I can actually sleep through the night without the awful nasal congestion that I have been getting for 20  years.  I have had 2 sinus surgeries, been on shots for the past 3 years, tried every sinus allergy medicine, irrigation, pillow and mattress encasements, air filtration and on and on.  Now the only medicine I take is Patanase.  Thank You.
I 've had insomnia all my life but once I was put on Remeron I 'm finally able to sleep.
I have been on Sronyx for almost 2 years now and haven 't had any issues! My cramps and periods length have lessened. The only thing I can think of is I got moodier after I started taking it during my periods.
I suffered (Idio Pathic) seizures, begining when I was about 14 years old. No lesions on my brain! Then came the Panic Attacks! I was always hyper, as well as my entire family. I thought it was &quot;Normal&quot;. Never understood how others where so &quot;Calm&quot;. I became a Hair Stylist, and began to make lots of money, goergous women,Yes I am straight),however the attacks kept on coming! I moved from N.J. to Miami. Finally I wound up at a clinic. The shrink gave me a little pink pill and for the first time in my life,I felt like everyone else!!!!! I am now 60 years old! If it weren 't for xanax,I would be Searching for illegal alternatives. WARNING. Never take more than prescribed! 30 something years later, I never abuse. Also don 't mix it with anything .
I usually have awful side effects from antidepressants, but did not have any with this one. So far Trintillex is the only antidepressant I have been able to tolerate. It allows me to function. I actually sing sometimes which was so rare for me. I cannot live without it. Unfortunately, it is expensive (even with insurance). I would give it a 10, but I have to pay so much money each month to get it.
This medicine (along with talk therapy) has helped me get my life back on track after being 98% disabled.
Works well when taken as directed with few or no side effects.
I 've been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 3 years now, and I love it. I have never taken any other birth control pills, so I have nothing to compare it to. The first two months I had long irregular periods. Since then I haven 't had a period (except when I skipped some pills). I have noticed that my breasts are larger, some irritability and a decreased sex dive, but none of the side effects are constant or bad enough to change brands. The irritability and decreased sex drive could just be stress related. I would recommend Loestrin 24 Fe to other woman.
I love this mirena. I got the mirena nov 2009 and I plan on keeping it for the whole five years. When I first got it put in, it really hurt and I had the bad cramps for a day or too. After a few days the pain went away. Now I have light spotting once a month for a couple of days but this is way easier than the pill, the patch or any other birth control. I don 't feel my strings but I have the doctor check for them every so often to make sure that everything is ok, and maybe sometimes I can 't be so ruff during sex but in the end it is all worth it because I have one 3 yr old son and that is all I want for now until my 5 yrs with this mirena is up.
I have been on the patch for 8 years. I may experience a hot flash a few times a year. Prior to Climara Pro I had a hot flash at least 3!times an hour, my cognitive functioning decreased and I couldn 't sleep. I have none of these symptoms except a rare hot flash.
I 'm a 32 yr old widowed single mom to 3 children ages 14, 8 &amp; 6. 18 months ago I was 296 lbs. &amp; was literally on my death bed it felt like. I had type 2 diabetes, high blood pressure, hypothyroidism, pcos with high insulin resistance, b12 deficiency, high cholesterol &amp; my triglycerides were outta this world. I felt hopeless because dieting &amp; going to the gym were an all time fail so my Dr wrote a prescription for Contrave. I didn 't really notice any side effects other than a rapid heartbeat &amp; this medication not only helped me lose weight it 's helped me quit smoking! In 18 months I 've lost 147 lbs &amp; went from plus size 26/28 clothes to a 10 in juniors pants and L/XL shirts. I love this medication &amp; would recommend it to anyone.
I have been taking contrave for almost one month and have lost about 12 pounds.  At first I felt a little weird on the medicine (light headed, loopy, ears ringing) but after about one week the symptoms went away and It does not feel like I am taking any medication.  Contrave has curbed my cravings significantly.  I have changed the way that I eat and am very mindful of my calorie intake and I can be that way since my cravings are gone.  I like this medication a lot and I plan on being on it until I can lose about 20 more lbs.  started at 163lbs and now I am 151lbs. I falready feel a difference in how my clothes fit! I recommend this medication.  A bit costly but worth it.
I was prescribed this birth control because I have moderate to severe acne. I doubted this birth control was strong enough to battle it because I have tried everything non-prescription in the pharmacy to treat it over 4 years. I noticed it reduced my oil production on my face but really did nothing overall for my acne in the first 6 months. Then slowly my acne started to disappear. I didn 't even notice it was vanishing until 8 months in. Then I stopped using harsh chemicals to help get rid of them. After that I had tons of blazing red acne scars and redness galore. Now as I 'm 12 months in the redness is reducing and the acne scars are starting to fade. I recommend this if you want a birth control pill acne solver 2 in 1, and are willing to wait for results.
I was prescribed Tri-Sprintec when I was 15 years old to regulate my period. I turn 20 in two weeks and have been taking this birth control consistently. I have had minimum issues (occasional breast tenderness-- no big deal). All birth controls have their side effects but to say that this would alter my decision to take this birth control is bizarre. I have sex with my partner about every other day and we NEVER use condoms. However, he only &quot;finishes&quot; in me once or twice every few months. Even then, I have (luckily) had no problems. I have had no weight gain or mood swings, or any other side effects. It has also kept my face perfectly clear since it doubles as an acne- fighter. Very impressed and would HIGHLY recommend to younger people.
I have Bipolar 1 with psychotic features. Since being put on Latuda, my mood swings have lessened considerably, and I am no longer experiencing any psychotic symptoms. My doctor was so pleased with the improvements that he gave me the okay to go to college. I am in my first week of college, hours away from home and have never felt better. I experienced akathesia with Latuda, so my doctor prescribed Cogentin to combat that and it helps a lot. Overall, I would say Latuda has helped me get my life on track and my symptoms under control.
This product works wonders! I 've had horrible acne for a long time, I tried everything from spot treatments, acne washes, masks anything. I finally went to the dermatologist and got prescribed Epiduo and Cetaphil face wash. After 3 months or so, it was a dramatic change. I no longer have acne, however, there will be a few little pimples though. The only side effect is if you put too much on or put it on too often, it will cause dry irritated skin. Overall, it 's a great product!
Seroquel is great. Been taking it for seven years. I take 200mg at night for bipolar. It does take time to get used to it. I does cause me to get hungry 30 minute 's after taking in it. Just eat a healthy snack. At first I did gain a couple pounds. Searching on line did not help. Everyone 's complains how much you need to eat. It 's self control. I make sure to exercise everyday. And trust me it 's no easy. There 's day I have no energy. But I tell my self I have 3 little girl 's and have to make sure I do not get fat and unhealthy. I have bad mood swings with out it. It caused me to make it miserable for my wife and kids and coworkers. Driving was a mission everyday.
I was prescribed this after being diagnosed at age 29 with severe acne vulgaris. This medication gave me no negative side effects that I noticed and cleared my acne up within 1 week. I was prescribed the once a day dosage which is great. I took a break once for a few days and the acne came back. I dashed to my medicine and got back into my normal routine. Acne went away! Its a great medication if used properly. Helped me become more confident as an adult suffering from acne.
I have been taking Humira for 5 months after having had surgery for 3 fistulas. Humira has changed my life drastically. I am a senior in a high school and prior to humira I was constantly in pain and when i wasn 't in pain I was worried about when i would be in pain and I had fistulas for 2 years without any surgeries. Since I have been taking Humira I almost forget i have any disease because I feel normal again. I can go out without worry and am pain free. I haven 't gotten any fistulas since then either, I really can 't say enough good things about Humira. Love it!!
I 've been on Oxycodone for over 3 years thanks to a drunk driver that hit me. I had a cervical fusion and suffer from Chronic Myfacial pain syndrome. I am basically tired of being stoned on Oxy and would like to downgrade to a NSAID. The catapress patches work absolutely great when it comes to the awful withdrawls from Oxy. The first day or two I was pretty out of it, but like most medicines, it wore off and I don 't feel like I need to pop oxys as much as I did before. I recommmend it.
I 've had ulcerative colitis now for 28 years.  I took Asacol during all my three pregnancies with no side effect.  I did have a major flare-up after the first delivery though despite the Asacol.  My ulcerative colitis is now completely under control, so much so that my doctor said that my colon looks completely healthy.  I take 4 tablets per day, I do forget occasionally, but it has worked miracles for me.  I can also eat everything.
I have to fight with my insurance company every 9 months, but Omeprazole is a life saver for me. I must take 40 mg everyday or by 10 am the pain is unacceptable. I have used one particular MFG brand for a couple years and just recently my pharmacy sent another brand. I was concerned it wouldn 't work either, but a week on it and I am doing great. I am so thankful for omeprazole.
This stuff is a miracle cure for nasty coughs.  I was prescribed this for a painful, dry cough that was unresponsive to codeine and OTC cough medicines.  It completely killed my cough and allowed me to relax and sleep.  If I were a doctor I 'd give this stuff out instead of codeine.
I have been able to focus so much more, I feel like my life is back in order. I 'm able to do things that I would struggle with in the past. Some of the feelings in my body are numb when I do the activities, which is different. All my anxiety is gone. I don 't feel hungry often, and I randomly crash for sleep. This is only the second day on it, so I 'll see what happens next.
I have been on this medicine for about three years with good effect. My problem has cleared up. However, for the last week I have woken at about 1.30 am with severe heartburn so obviously the medication no longer is working. 
Even though Patanol is a bit pricy even with insurance (about $30), and without about $190, it 's better than rubbing my eyes so hard every day  and having my contacts come out from them itching so bad. It absolutely works. The only reason I 'm giving it a 9 is just because it 's annoying to have to wait 10 minutes to put my contacts in when I 'm getting ready in the mornings as it has to be absorbed before you do.
I suffered from every type of anxiety in the book. I could barely go to the grocery store. I got started on 5 mg a few weeks ago. The first week I took this I felt amazing -- more energy, more motivation, happier etc. The second week I felt horrific. So depressed and borderline suicidal (which I never dealt with before). I got scared that the meds would not work. DON 'T GIVE UP. Now on the third week I feel much better. I feel like I used to mostly and normalized. Not super peppy like the first week, maybe a little more tired and slightly foggy, but nothing compared to how I felt with anxiety. Most importantly, I have ZERO obsessive thoughts. Mind you I am still eating well, no caffeine, no alcohol and exercising daily.
This medicine saved my life. I have IBS and got some virus or something that attacked my bowels and made me sick for 6 weeks until a new doctor gave me this. Within days I was back on track. From six weeks of weakness and extreme diahrrea it was nice to be normal again.
I cannot believe the negative reviews on this. They did scare me, but I still gave it a shot, and have NEVER been happier with a birth control! My acne is cleared up, my sex drive is still incredible, I have LOST WEIGH and my periods are almost NON EXISTENT! The only thing I wish is that I would have gotten on this sooner! I love this birth control and I suggest trying it before buying into the negative reviews. Everyone is different.
I have used it along with Trileptal and it has really helped as a mood stabilizer especially the manic stage.  The bad part of taking it is when my doctor did not increased the Oxtallar XR &amp; took me off the Trileptal all together I had a relapsed and was crying everyday.  I am back on the Trileptal and my doctor is going to increase my Oxtellar XR 3 times a day and taper me off of Trileptal slowly because my sodium levels are a bit high.  But other than that no complaints.
No stomach upset.No increase of dosing, I actually use half of what I was first prescribed, almost 5 years ago.  Can still function, allowing some quality of life.
I am 14 years old. I once had a moderate heart attack, and afterwards, my heart was constantly hammering away. Just sitting sown my pulse was 180 bpm. This led to enlarged heart and high blood pressure. I 've been on this medicine for 3 years now, and it has probably saved my life from another heart attack. I recommend it to anyone with my problem.
I didn 't realize how bad I was until I took this medicine!  I 'll start back: for seven years, I was either pregnant or breastfeeding and my mood deteriorated the whole time.  A year before I took Lexapro, I was almost done nursing my youngest and started to get awful pelvic spasms.  Then, once I finished nursing, I developed Irritable Bowel Syndrome.  After that, anxiety attacks.  My Dr. said, &quot;We gotta put you on something&quot; so I asked for something to help calm my stomach and nerve pain in my pelvis.  I started on 5 mg, then 10 mg 2 weeks later.  It 's been 4 weeks and I 'm seeing an amazing difference.  Pelvic pain significantly reduced, stomach eased, and I 'm happier and the &quot;shakes&quot; and nervousness have lessened.  Still have some dry mouth, so be prepared. A !
Great medicine for short term relief. Long term pain control with Meperidine requires dosage adjustment as it becomes less effective over time. There are side-effects that can be a nuisance or even severe, especially if one suddenly stops taking the medicine after being on it for a long period.
Depo-Provera has changed my life. I am now period and yeast infection free. Which is a HUGE deal for someone who has suffered from yeast infections 1x a month for the past 4 years as well as heavy painful periods. Haven 't had a period since my first shot which was 7 weeks ago. I am a healthy 28 year old, aside from suffering from migraines. I have not had any side effects from Depo-Provera, no acne, hair loss, weight gain, etc.
About a month in and so far so good!  I 'm 48 years and T level was 300. Doctor has me on 4 pumps but I just had my blood tested again yesterday so we 'll see where I am and maybe adjust from there.  It 's amazing how well I feel in just this short period.  Lost 8 pounds in 3 weeks and muscle tone is changing rapidly. It 's almost like I 'm looking at the world through &quot;rose colored glasses&quot;....everything just seems more like it should be to me. I REALLY hope this holds up as I 've not felt better in a long  time.
After reading so many negative experiences I was reluctant to take Chantix. So I cut the pills in half for the first 3 days and gradually worked up to the full dosage. Noticed some dizziness and constipation but other wise felt like a million bucks. Today is day 9 and I 'm not feeling that great. Nausea, constipated and hungry all at the same time. I am not smoking though. After 2 friends were diagnosed this year with lung cancer I am determined to quit. So putting up with a few side effects is better than the side effects of chemo! 
I have generalized anxiety disorder and several other mental illnesses, so I am on a combination of medications. Xanax is one of the best of the bunch. I only get fifteen 0.5mg pills per month, for use only in stressful situations. Works like a charm every time. Within fifteen minutes my anxiety and panic symptoms are well under control. No side effects whatsoever. I know the danger of addiction is very real, but as long as I use my Xanax sparingly, I see no reason to ever stop taking it. I also take Tenormin, Neurontin, Ambien, Buspar, and Remeron.
I never felt better when I woke up. Straight 7 hours 45 min sleep. If I am not mistaken this is the first time since 2002 for that much and straight sleeping. Thanks who ever made Silenor.
I have tried Loestrin Fe 24 &amp; Ortho Tri Cyclen, both to no avail.. mood swings, depression, weight gain *permanently* of 10 pounds each time. I was ready to give up. But my cousin working in an OBGYN office gave me four months of the Nuvaring as a trial. I CAN TELL YOU I 'M IN LOVE! I lost 10 lbs the first month, my appetite was cut in half. My period was light, barely any cramping, &amp; no spotting or ovary pains from my PCOS. These fantastic results continued into the 2nd and 3rd month, I continue to lose unwanted weight. My one complaint: the first 2 months of the ring I had slight vaginal pain kinda like a yeast infection &amp; an increase in discharge. But the side effects went away as my body adjusted after the 2nd month. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
My son decided to place himself in rehab for 30days for opiate dep. Had been on suboxone for 6mos. Addicts know how to manipulate medications.  After 30days of being clean and intense inpatient rehab he went with the Vivitrol shot when exiting.  It was great! No cravings, he felt great. Upon seeing his new psych in outpatient he warned my son about the dangers of Vivitrol to your liver and would only agree to give him one more shot maybe two after the initial shot. He had two shots total after rehab and is doing amazingly well. If you want to remain sober you have to have the mindset to stay sober. The least amount of time you are on this medication the better. Make sure you have liver function tests done. Vivtrol works
When I started Jolessa, I had been on the Depo Provera shot for almost two years. While on Depo, I gained 30 lbs and I experienced every side effect. When I switched to Jolessa, I didn 't experience spotting and my weight plateaued. I am very pleased with Jolessa and I love that my periods are only every three months, also that they are only heavy for three days. I know I keep water weight given that I am on birth control, but that 's the only negative thing I have to say about Jolessa!
I have been on Effexor for about 6 months now. I was prescribed it for anxiety and social anxiety. My social anxiety is basically gone. I still get a little bit of anxiety but it is way better than it used to be. However, if I forget to take it I get very bad withdraw symptoms. But, I consider it worth it.
I 've suffered from Pure Menstrual Migraine for 4 years.  Nothing I have tried to date has helped ease any of the migraine pain at all, which usually goes on for 3 days solid every month, le.  Until now.  I asked my dr if I could try Rizatriptan and he agreed.  My warning sign that a migraine is on it 's way is an ache down the left hand side of my face.  Well, within the last hour I got that warning so took my first ever Rizatriptan dissove in the mouth tablet.  Revolting!  Utterly vile - like a really bad mint that went off years ago.  However, rather than spit it out (since they are very expensive) I let it dissolve.  Now 40 mins later I have no ache and no pain, and I hope that means that I will not get a mega-migraine!  So far so good ..
I 've been really happy with Chateal. I don 't experience the irritability I 've experienced with other birth control pills. I also like that my period doesn 't kick in immediately if I forget a dose.
I felt relief on day 2 of the titration pack.  Savella has been a miracle for me, I am pain free.  The only side effect that I am experiencing is anxiety, which is getting better and I hope will disappear.  I do wonder, if it is contributing to some of the weakness that I feel, but it is so hard to tell since muscle weakness was a huge problem to begin with.  I am grateful for this drug.  I 'm sorry to hear that many of you are experiencing such side effects.  I wish that we could all be pain free.
I have taken this antidepressant for as long as it has been on the market. It was and remains the only antidepressant that works for me. It has almost zero side effects when compared to the Tri-cyclics, SSRIs and SNRIs that I tried before this drug. It is in a class by itself and unfortunately will probably remain so. This antidepressant gave me back my life, calmed my panic attacks and even helped with social phobia. It is too bad that it has been given such a bad rap that it is hardly prescribed anymore.
I tried Celebex and other drugs to releived joint pain in the ankles, knees, wrist and fingers with little relief.  3 days on Arthrotec 75, only once a day and I was almost as good as new.  Able to work on the treadmill, take long hikes, write and type.  Maybe the best part was not waking up at night with pain in all the fingers.  By accident, I also found that taking one pill ever other day is suffient for me.
Hey everyone. Okay, so like all of you guys (probably) I have not stopped looking up symptoms and a bunch of other stuff on google. I had sex for the first time on the 10th of August which was the last day of my period and a bunch of other times in that week. All were with a condom but on one instance I heard a pop, he said it didn 't break but i wanted to be safe. I took the pill 2 days after (a week after my first time). I felt nothing until a week later when my boobs started to hurt, and my back too. I thought i was pregnant.. then a week later after stress stress stress I got my period. Please stop worrying everybody. I know its scary. trust me. But getting in your own head makes it worse! relax. this works. just calm down!
I 've been on this pill for about 2 years now and have only had a few minor problems with side effects, which was because I forgot to take several in a row. Not only has it kept me from being pregnant, it keeps my skin mostly acne clear and my periods very short and light.
Have had anxiety for many years, have tried numerous meds and none worked for long. Because of numerous surgeries I have a high drug tolerance and sometimes weird reactions. After taking Cymbalta for 3 years the excessive sweating just became too much, I am now on Lexapro and was using Clonazapan when an attack would start,concerned about addiction to Clonazapan my doctor suggested Buspar. I started with 7.5 twice a day did not feel much until starting the third week then 10mg 3xs a day. Did have side effects but was encouraged to wait 4wks, so glad I did. 1st time in years and I mean years, I feel like the old me, sleep through the night, no side effects. I encourage you to wait and see before you give up on it, for me well worth it.
I had Implanon inserted in September 2010. The only side effect I got was a little weight gain, but I went back to eating right and lost the weight. I did not get the other side effects that reviews mentioned such as depression, mood swings. The only thing is last week I started to spot and am still spotting. I 'm not sure if it will stop but I was getting used to not having a period since it was inserted.
Linzess is amazing. I was for several years under dip pain.mi tried several doctors and home remedies.. And nothing makes me feel god until my Doc prescribe me this wonderful pill.. Ho!! Thanks God now I have a normal life
I have been on Lexapro 10 mg  for a year and a half for depression and anxiety, along with generic remeron 15mg as sleep aid. Last summer I switched to only generic remeron (mirtrazipine) and my mood started to go up and down.  The thing with lexapro is it takes away inhibition. That also includes being more impulsive. So be careful when upset. It also ramped up anxiety in the first couple of weeks  and drives you nuts. I am getting back slowly on lexapro for 2 weeks. I got a few anxiety crisis so I take half 10mg and will try to increase slowly. Despite this minus, this is the best thing so far. BTW, generic escitalopram sucks. Tried and doesn 't do the trick for  me.
Ventolin works perfectly, effective after 10sec.
Update from my my April post...the drug is an absolute miracle that 's saved me from the out of control eating and depression that consumed me every single day. Taking Vyvanse 50 mg helps me to never even think about food and plan binge evenings and weekends. In fact, I never want to eat large or small quantities of really bad foods at all anymore. I 've lost all my binge weight! I hope to never go off the med for fear of my eating disorder returning. It is the only thing that 's worked for me after years of therapy/treatment. Amazing!
I have been on Sronyx for about a year now, &amp; the only problems I ever had was the moodiness during the first two months and breakthrough bleeding for a month straight. Other than that, I love it. I have no intension of switching. I recommend it.
My itchy skin due to Psoriasis was reduced by 80% when I started taking Xyzal. Nothing I have taken over the years has come close. It doesn 't make me sleepy like Atarax or Benadryl.A great bonus is it works for 24 hours. I 'm able to sleep through the night without any annoying itch.
I take this for anxiety and only a low dose of 0.25mg (half of a 0.5mg) and it works wonders and I am VERY sensitive to medicines. Only take the lowest dose you need and you won 't experience side effects.
I woke up on day 9 taking Chantix completely oblivious to the fact that was even a smoker. Forgot all about it. Dreams were pretty vivid but cool, not one scary dream. I 've been smoke free for a year and don 't have any urges to go back. I love feeling clean and healthy .
There 's a lot of talk that this pill is not as effective for larger ladies, so I want to make it clear that I am approximately 280 lbs. I had unprotected sex approximately 3 or 4 days after my menstrual cycle ended, so I was considered very fertile at the time, and I am a highly fertile person in general, my partner ejaculated inside of me. I went to the store and purchased a Plan B pill and took the pill approximately 35 - 40 minutes after sex. A few days later I started having pregnancy like symptoms, lots of gas, breast tenderness, mild nausea.. I was freaked out!! I got my period 2 weeks later (a week early for me).. THIS PILL WORKS! EVEN FOR PLUS SIZE LADIES!! Take it ASAP after sex, I 'm going to buy one to have on hand for the future!
I 've been using this product for about a 6 weeks on and off. It doesn 't burn and in fact it took redness away and turned pimples into a minuscule size within 24-48 hours. I put it on in the morning and that 's it. My skin is soft as always and hasn 't dried out maybe I 'm using something different mine says Clindamycin phosphate and benzoyl peroxide gel, 1%*/5%.
I had very bad cystic acne and had to see a dermatologist. She prescribed Aczone and Tazorac, it did not work, it made me breakout worse.  I went back to her and she prescribed doxcycline an antibiotic and within the first week  I saw an improvement. I am on antibiotics, Aczone, and Tazorac, which together works awesome, my dark spots and acne scarring is fading also.
I have been prone to getting yeast infections... I get rid of them then they seem to come back in no time. Anyways I decided to give this stuff a try because you can use it at anytime of the day (many other products you can only use at nighttime) I used it in the middle of the day and all of my symptoms were gone the next day... it took about 24 hours but it seemed my yeast infection was completely cured. I know it takes longer for it to be completely out of your system but all of the symptoms were gone and I no longer felt like a had a yeast infection. I am not sure if it was just the diflucan that got rid of it, as I decided to take a double dose of probiotic the same day, but whatever it was seemed to work.
I have been through many mental health diagnosis and double the amount in meds. I have been officially diagnosed with borderline personality disorder, severe generalized anxiety, situational panic attacks, delayed onset PTSD and a sensory processing disorder. I have tried many many drugs over the years to help with absolutely no luck. Until my therapist recommended gabapentin. Oh my goodness thank that wonderful man. I feel incredible. Absolutely no anxiety. I sleep wonderful at night and have energy during the day. I can tackle most obstacles with out crippling fear and panic. This drug literally saved my life. No real side effects for me which is extra amazing!
Have been on Welchol Oral Suspension or Tabs for a little less than a year, my LDL-C went down about 38%.  Oral Suspension is a nice option, just mix in water bottle with 3/4 filled with water, shake it and have with my dinner.
Due to the pain of chronic pancreatitis, I was nonfunctional. Have a meal, shower when necessary, seldom wear anything but night clothes, ONLY go out to the doctor and would avoid the grocery store if possible.  Now I clean my house, cook gourmet meals and would like to resume a small part of my former active lifestyle-maybe next summer fishing and camping.  Without this medicine I had lost my desire to live due to constant, unabating abdominal pain.  Now, I have a &quot;what 's next&quot; attitude instead of &quot;I 'm hurting so badly I wish I were dead&quot;.  I can live with the stigma and I do get negative attitudes from concerned family, but they even see the good that has come from this medicine, and also see the massive improvement in my life.
34 y/o female on HBP meds since severe bacterial infection wiped out 3/4 of kidney function 5 years ago. Had been on 100mg/day of Metoprolol and it caused mind-numbing fatigue and fogginess, and frankly I realize now I was over-medicated. Doc switched me to 5mg/day Bystolic and I felt like a new woman overnight! No fatigue and only noticeable side effect (like someone else mentioned) was that it knocked back my libido some, which wasn 't a terrible thing and isn 't affecting me that much. I can get through a work day without taking a nap at lunch and actually have a life after hours now. I 'm glad I took a chance on this med!
Recently, I 'd experienced insomnia for 4 weeks. It 'd made me literally nonfunctional at work and very easily irritable. My doctor prescribed 0.5 mg clonazepam per night. I have been taking it for 5 days now and it is doing miracles. My only concern is it 's being habit-forming. I am not sure how long I should continue taking it. Regardless, I am very satisfied with it so far.
This medicine worked the first time on me with no problems. The second time I used this I had a severe reaction which caused very low blood pressure, I could not feel my pulse, in which I had to go to a Dr. I now am allergic to this medicine. This medication works very well if you can use it. It works very fast.
Took my first dose of Rituxan in Dec 2014 and then 2 weeks later.  I was diagnosed with RA in 2000.  Took Mtx and Arava - had no disabilities .  Didn 't like the Mtx made my hair thin and fall out.  Was placed on Sulfasazine and took that for 12 years. I had Hodgkins Lymphoma  in 2005 and treated and went into remission.   About four years ago  my rheumatoid arthritis pain and suffering really kicked in and really took over over my hands and my feet.  My new rheumatologist prescribe Rituxan for me.   My first dose  was in 2014 as I explained.  My next dose was in December 2015.  I did not feel its effects for about four months.    I feel like a new person.  A little side effect with each infusion-internal itching ears.  Try it.
Start of 2015 my weight was 262 and I am 5 '5, I started going to the gym and eating right and lost only 4 pounds in 3 months. I went to the Doc and he put me on adipex 37.5 first month I lost 21 lbs. I am on week 2 into the 2nd months and down 5 lbs . Dry mouth and headache  in the first month but haven 't had a problem in the 2nd month.
I have been taking Ambien for about 2 years and I love it. I was in the Navy and now I work a 12 hour night shift so I usually can 't sleep or if I fall asleep I can 't stay asleep long enough. I have had a few nights I do things and don 't remember but overall it is wonderful.
I 've been on 10mg for 8 months.  Within a week, I felt the &quot;cloud&quot; lift and things seemed clearer. I wasn 't wired or feeling speedy at all but I was able to focus on things and get on with my life.When I started taking it, I was taking it in the morning and I would have bad diarrhea. I was worried that I would have to discontinue use.  Over time I found if I took it in the evening on a full stomach, usually about an hour after dinner, I didn 't get diarrhea. Try this if you are having similar side effects.Losing 1 star due to cost.
I had swelling around my optic nerves causing vision problems and also had debilitating headaches that got worse with movement and made it impossible to exercise. I lived with it for years unknowingly and got progressively worse. My doctor diagnosed me with Pseudotumor cerebri. I have been taking generic Diamox for 3 weeks and haven 't had a single headache. I can take my dogs for a walk now. There are 2 side effects I experience, tingling in my feet which was very bothersome but has lessened and that any beverages with carbonation taste terrible. No sodas, flavored water, beer, wine coolers, champagne. None of it taste normal/good. 
Last year, I gained around 20 lbs. in about two months, and I would be fine one minute, the next I would feel like crying. I was losing my hair at an, exponential, rate. For years, I was cold all the time.  I had no energy and would run out of breath easily.  My Doctor diagnosed me with numerous problems including having Hypothyroidism. She started me on Levothyroxine, which made me ill.  As is my way, I did research and found out about Armour. Within two weeks, without my saying a word to her, she told me she was prescribing Armour Thyroid 15 MG. What a difference! I got my life back. I 'm now on 30MG. once a day. I am a staunch believer in natural treatment, and Armour is natural.
Hi I wanted to give another update. My last update was on March 22nd. Today made 5 weeks and 3 days on victoza and I am down 26lbs. I 'm still eating healthy, hardly any appetite and haven 't started any kind of exercise program yet. I have had no side effects other then light heartburn that i take an over the counter medication for. I have to say I am pleased so far with my results and look forward to the future.
Found the brand name was by far more effective than generic alprazolam. I find typically I do much better with brand names than generics, depending on your co pays I 'd go for the brand names, the difference in my insurance is generics are 3 and brand is 6 so it 's a world of a difference to me. I felt or  'thought ' the Xanax wasn 't working, but realized I was on generic alprazolam and switched it, it was like night and day.
I was prescribed Xarelto when a blood clot developed after surgery for my broken leg.  I did not notice any immediate side effects until....  I normally have 3 day, semi-light periods and they went to 7-9 days of the worst ever.  I won 't go into detail.  It also caused my iron level to drop to 17!  I stayed on Xarelto for 6 months and it worked for me.  I was told Xarelto won 't dissolve your clot it just thins your blood enough to prevent the clot from growing or new clots, The existing clot is absorbed into the body.  I think my hair was falling out also but that may have been from the low iron?
I have hemiplegic migraines and end up at the hospital about once a month.  Each time, with the exception of twice (given morphine - allergic reactions occurred), I was given a toradol cocktail through IV in the ER.  After a few minutes, the pain began to subside and I went to sleep.  I would recommend this if one is able to take it.
Seeiously, don 't be afraid of what everyone is saying on here. Eat a full meal take the medicine and then drink a large glass of water after. About 2 hours later you will have to poo maybe a few times but that is it. I took 2 500mg pills around 9pm at 11 pm I had the runs twice and now I am absolutely fine with minor gas the next day. As for the infection I had no symptoms so I don 't know if it is gone as is has not been the full 7 days yet but I will be retested tested in a few weeks. 
This medication has saved my life. I 've had a chronic case of major depressive disorder, clinically diagnosed and treated for over 15 years. When I was rudely and suddenly cut off this medication due to financial issues, I became suicidal and was hospitalized after a violent suicide attempt. I had never been suicidal before. I had never before been hospitalized for depression. Today, I 'm just grateful to have a better doctor. I 'm very happy and proud to have a full year recovered from that horrible, tragic time a year ago when I was denied access to Wellbutrin.
All I can say is relax ladies! It has over a 95% success rate. I had unprotected sex while I was ovulating and took the pill about 10 hours later. No side effects whatsoever for almost 2 weeks (Mind you I 'm well above the &quot;weight limit&quot; for the pill). Then, my boobs started hurting so bad I couldn 't bare it. I even had some spotting which freaked me out! It really messes with you, but in the end, I got my period! The longest 3 weeks, but it worked!
Vyvanse has changed my life in the best way! It 's almost like a motivation pill.  I can spend 12 hours in the library at a time studying, with little distractions. I made a 4.0 my first semester of college. I used to always want to work hard and study but could never quite pull it together, and with Vyvanse I can! The only downside is the dehydration. Remember to drink lots of water or you will get headaches!
Kills diverticulitis quick for me, typically by the 3rd or 4th dose.
I 've been taking cialis for a year and have had no side affects from taking it, my wife loves how it works!
I suffer from debilitating panic attacks. Just 10 mg of Paxil works wonders. I 've tried almost every SSRI out there, but Paxil is the only one that works. Nothing else can touch my panic.
I am 11 days into my diet/contrave. i have lost 13 pounds. the only side affect i have experienced is dry lips. Love it! i am only at two pills a day. i dont have the cravings i used to have. With the prescription card you get when you sign up.. brought my prescription cost to $70 a month. Which i have already saved in food! I was a donut and soda morning person. No longer feel the need for the sweets or soda! Also don 't use the vending machines at work. Huge Savings!
I had no side effects with this medicine. I was able to enjoy my vacation thanks to it. I asked my doctor when I returned and she was happy to prescribe it for me.  I 'm very glad I had it.
I 've been trying to find the right birth control for me for about 3 years now and this is by far my favorite! I 've been on it for three months and it 's helped me a lot with my cramps, I barely even have any, and when I do they are very manageable. I didn 't gain any weight and I didn 't have any breakouts. I did have some mood swings in the first month but by the second month I didn 't have any. I did have a little breakthrough bleeding the first month but that only lasted about two days. I just finished my third pack and I have to say, it 's amazing. I didn 't have any cramps and I also didn 't have a period! YAY! It 's a keeper.
I 've always had occasional breakouts, however when I turned 26 my skin began breaking out an insane amount I finally broke down and went to a dermatologist. He finally prescribed epiduo after other failed treatments. Immediately I noticed a difference in my skin the texture and appearance but I was still having breakouts. It also burned a ton for the first few months. In 2-3 months of using I noticed less breakouts and now in month 5 I have zero acne. This product does cause redness, burning and drying (only on acne spots, it softens and hydrates other areas).  Overall I would 100% reccomend, just be patient. I saw it working even though the results weren 't immediate.
I am surprised that a pain management specialist would give this drug as a first choice.  The entire Triptan line starting with the first drug exclusively for migraine headaches, Imitrex, is available for migraine headaches.  Any Triptan that is administered and results are felt within 15-20 minutes, also prove that the headache is a migraine.  Headache epidemiology is quite complex and the migraine may be masking a tension headache or vice versa.  Fioricet with codeine has a place in tension headaches, but not really in most true migraines.  I take this drug, or another like it, after I take Maxalt (one of the triptan drugs), if there is still pain left after the Maxalt has relieved the migraine aspect of the headache. In that case it is a 10.
I have been taking Pristiq for 1 week. 43y Male. First time treating depression. I could &quot;feel&quot; a difference within hours. Hard to believe maybe, but it was a slight improvement. Every day (EVERY SINGLE DAY) has been better than the one before. It is gradual, but VERY noticeable. My wife says &quot;you are coming back&quot; and my son says &quot;thank you for not freaking out so much&quot; and my co-workers are noticing. I even told a joke in a crowd this week (instead of just feeling like I want to leave and be alone) - I am AMAZED. I had sweats and some minor side effects in the first 4 days, but they are completely gone. I am so thankful for this medication. Thank you to the scientists who developed this. You are changing my life for the better!
The usual flu symptoms. Tamiflu cut out everything but some coughing after 12-24 hours. Felt like a miracle.
This is my second colonoscopy. First one was 2 years ago, it wasn 't suprep - it was horrible that I was not totally cleaned out. This time I had suprep. Not bad because I read the reviews first before going into it. I am 56, 4 '10. The very cold water helped a lot - so with the lemon. I didn 't drink the 16 oz at once. I did 4 oz every 15 minutes. That was easy - and it did its job. The second dose I started to gag, but luckily, didn 't throw up. When it became harder for me, I did 2 oz every 10 minutes. The last 4 oz I didn 't drink because I was thoroughly cleaned out - poop (sorry!) looked like pee - yellowish. During colonoscopy (1/15), doc said I was very clean (yay!). She did find 2 flat polyps and I will see her in 2 weeks
I am a pre-diabetic. I have been taking Victoza for about 2 weeks. This is amazing! I am never hungry. I take it in the afternoon and the nausea seemed to disappear.  When I eat, it 's small meals (very small) and I don 't have the urge to snack at night!  I feel like I had lap band surgery or something. I hope it keeps working like it is now.
Started taking about 3 mths ago. I get wonderful deep restful sleep. No drowsiness in the morning. Only draw back is it takes a bit to kick in about 1-2 hours.
This medicine my doctors have prescribed for me is almost a miracle drug I hope that my new psychiatrist keeps giving me Trazodone Hydrochloride I have been taking this med for ten years and it works at about 400 to 600mg a day
I have had severe constipation all my life. Was taking over the counter laxatives daily to go too the bathroom so I decided to talk to my Dr. about prescription laxative, she gave me Linzess. Well I have been on Linzess for a week now. Mornings are such a breeze. I take Linzess 145mg a half hour before meal and have a elimination with in 2 hours or less. This medicine is a miracle for me.
me and my boyfriend were having sex and the condom broke, we didn 't know it broke until we were done. i in return started freaking out and ran to cvs to get plan b, i took it an hour after the unprotected sex. (aug 31) the next few days i started having minor back pains/ lower abdomen cramps/headaches and intense mood swings. but surely 5 days later i woke up to my period, 2 weeks early in fact. plan b works wonders, now on the path to get birth control I 'm only 16 so it truly saved my life
17 days, down 15 pounds. Works great.. not hungry and feel full fast
Hello all,..writing again today as there isn 't enough space. The price tag is steep for me but worth every penny. This stuff works...I have had no side effects and I don 't even think about going to the fridge. I am so excited about this and can 't wait to see how much I will lose. I tipped in at 266 lbs and I will let you all know how I make out when I see my dr. Where has this been all my life? Hats off to the lab and smart people that invented this product....it should be available to everyone as it will save lots of people from getting diabetes and other diseases related to being over weight and obese.
Been on Paxil for about a month and I feel great...I 'm on 20 MG but may need to go higher I 'm not  at 100%
I have been on Belviq 4 1/2 months and I have lost 61 pds. I have dropped down to 1 pill now because I do not want to get addicted to them. I did not give 10 stars because I want to make sure I do not get any long term side effects first. But Thanks Belviq I went from 320 to 258 and I feel so much better. I wish it was cheaper though.
I 'm here for the same issues as others, cheating partner and an unfortunate experience as a result.  Already horrified, I read these reviews and wanted to cry even more.    Eating a starchy meal was very good advice. I ate a small bowl of potato salad, drink 16 ounces of water and took the medication.   It did make me tired so I napped periodically throughout the day.   I ate a small bowl of pasta in the early evening and drink a little more water.   Other than mild fatigue and mild cramping at night, I did not have any of the horrible symptoms  that were shared here.  Hopefully others have a like experience but if  I had a severe reaction I would call my doctor right away.
Works very well when I use it to prevent sensation of stiffness/pain in the back when playing tennis.  Effect may not last for the full 8 hours (more like 5 to 6 hours).  Generally use it in conjunction with Naproxen and Acetaminophen.Do not use it other times even though I experience effects of degenerative disc disease in the lumbar region chronically.
I have been taking topamax for 2 months to help prevent severe daily migraines w/ Aura it has helped me tremendously. I did lose 6 lbs the 1st week. Mainly due to diarrhea &amp; lack of appetite. I almost gave up on taking it because of the stomach cramps I was getting but they subsided after the 1st week. I have changed a lot about my lifestyle since taking topamax so I don 't know how much of my weight loss can be attributed to the drug itself but I definitely have lost weight 12 lbs &amp; don 't crave sugar. I stopped drinking soda over a yr ago so I don 't know if it tastes different now. I do want water more than anything, which is fine. It does make you drowsy/foggy but I take my dose at bedtime, I do get weird tingles a few times a day in hands
I did have some nausea while getting up to the max dosage, and may still have some if I take it on an empty stomach, but it is worth it to me.  I have more energy and more self-control.  I lost 22 pounds, which is 13% of my body fat.  The medicine is pricey, but you cannot put a price on that in my opinion!
I normally suffered with occasional constipation.  Sometimes I cried I when I can 't go. One night I was watching TV and I saw this advertisement about Linzess, immediately I started doing some research about it and to my surprise I didn 't know that so much folks suffered from constipation like I do. I went up my Doc and asked her to prescribed it for me. I just picked it up from the pharmacy yesterday and the instructions say to take on an empty stomach.  I took it first thing this morning around 8:00 am and I just have my first Bowel Motion in 4 days. Time is now 9:00pm. Thanks to Linzess.
Worked great and am able to continue as normal now !
My problem was waking very early (eg 3.30) and slight depression and anxiety. This drug has been very effective with no side effects. I only need 10mg and only take it occasionally if I have recurrence of symptoms - it is still effective.
Been on this for going on 15 years now. It has worked so well for me that I haven 't even bothered to try the newer things out there. I very rarely have to take more than one even after taking it for this length of time.
Hello all I 'm 26 years old I been smoking since I was 18, idk why or how just picked it up to look kool, now at 26 after many chest pains anxiety attacks and stomach aches and I know 100000% it was me smoking which was causing me all those things!  It 's been now 1 full week and after many nicotine gums hookah pens all of that I can honestly say this Patch is a blessing ! I have not had anxiety from not smoking not one chest pain this patch is amazing !! Works wonders I started on step 2! I highly recommend this to anybody who wants to stop smoking! It 's also will power everybody ! Good luck save your body while you can!
I 'm 50 and attributed my pain to chronic sinusitis, having had two surgeries and what seemed endless infections.  My ENT doctor recommended seeing a neurologist to determine if migraines were affecting me.  I 'd have 8/9 pain 3 to 4 times a month, 4/5 pain often and 2/3 pain almost constantly. I 've had it so long that I 'd routinely work through it, but it 's taken a toll periodically on my personal and professional lives.  I 'm currently taking 30mg nightly and am virtually headache free.  It 's great having relief after so long.  Research in the last five years indicates that migraines are often misdiagnosed as sinusitis also if you know someone suffering with what seems be sinus pain, have them get an opinion from a neurologist.
I lowered my cholesterol approximately 100 points with just the minimum dose of 10mg daily.
I love Contrave December 1st 2015 I started contrave at 289 as of this morning I weight 207! I feel amazing. The only side effect that I have had is constipation, which isn 't a huge deal when you get excellent results.
The product is wonderful. 
Works GREAT. Take it once a day and I 'm done. Cost is outrageous though.
Just finished my sixth round of chemo treatment.  I had Follicular B Cell Lymphoma.  One on my right shoulder, one on in my neck and two on my chest.  After fourth round and a PET scan, Doctor diagnosed me as being in 100% remission.  I will do more research on the Rituxan  maintenance program recommended by my Oncologist.  I had a reaction to the Rituxan my first treatment but did not have any other problems with the medicine.  Highly recommended
Wonderful, works in about one hour.
Who turned the lights on?! Oh hey Deplin, it 's you! This oddly classified medical food has been a welcomed step towards victory I 've needed far too long, and I 'm only taking the Rx for about a month..This is nothing like anything I 've taken-I have Bipolar 1 &amp; have had a slippery disaster with any and all antidepressants and have just glided along life with mood stabilizers and atypicals. I have energy, but I 'm in no way jittery or hyper and I sleep like a baby. I have tons of focus &amp; can work more effectively and efficiently, not many at a manic pace-just really focused. I found a part of myself I lost, self-esteem and confidence. When I say or act I say it like I mean it &amp; it 's well presented. Don ' t hesitate to try it
Hodgkin 's lymphoma , had five nuelasta shots to date...each time it takes longer to kick in ... Now at eight days after the shot for it to start working.  I spend about 36 hours with terrible bone pain, fever the whole time, flu symptoms...each time, but I am always neutropenia at my nadir (7 days) and then when it kicks in, counts go way up.  Take Claritan and Tylenol for pain/fever, but it is hard to feel like it is helping...
Smoked for 40+ years. Tried all the patches, vitamin B shots, hypnosis all of which did not work. Took Zyban as soon as it was available by prescription and both my wife and myself quite smoking in less than a week. Final smoke was on September 1998.
I have suffered with Migraines since childhood.  Missed days of school and eventually days of work.  I 've been put on every medication doctors could think of and spent quite a bit of time in ER 's due to chronic migraines. Finally, I switched doctors due to a move and was prescribed Relpax.  This stuff is absolutely AMAZING! I prefer the 40mg dose and it takes care of my migraine within 20 minutes.
Good stuff. Kept me awake for the first few nights, but it was well worth it. None of the other side effects,  just didn 't want to smoke, mostly because I believe part of what this medicine does is makes cigarettes taste like yucky! My girlfriend still smoke 's, and while I was taking it I couldn 't be around when she was smoking, the smell almost made me sick.
I have had insomnia since I was a small child. I have PTSD and severe anxiety this is the only medication I have tried that truly makes me get 7 plus hours of sleep and I wake up feeling wonderful.
Xeljanz XR is the first medication to truly give me relief.  I has allowed me to live somewhat of a normal life!  None of the biologics worked and methotrexate was a bust with lots of side effects.  I 've been on it for 9 months and an very happy.
I started taking this on Feb 9, 2017. It is now April 8, 2017.  Two months on this medicine I have lost 18 pounds with 11 pounds going in the first 4 weeks.  At first I only took half what I was prescribed which is 2 pills three times a day.  On the 4th day I was sooooo hungry I went ahead and ate a bunch of junk food, but it still wasn 't what I normally ate.  It has decreased my desire to eat everything I see all the time and all but killed my insatiable hunger.I have been overweight starting in 2001.  I am barely 5 foot tall and weighing 209 pounds is just bad. I have thyroid disease and arthritis along with fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome.  Most days it is a chore to go from my bed to the chair downstairs. This is helping me.
This medicine changed my life.  I call it my miracle drug.  If it weren 't for this drug I would never have made it back to the person I used to be before the diagnosis.  I 'm only 19 years old but it 's made such a huge impact on my life during the 4 years I have been taking it. I don 't have to worry anymore if I will ever be like I was before.  This drug works and without it who knows where I 'd be today.
I am starting my third week on Belviq..  I am down almost 7 lbs. side effects at first were feeling very tired, feeling cold, and dry mouth. I still seem to have low energy and can 't seem to exercise with the strength I had before.  None are bad enough to quit at this point. It has totally diminished my appetite and craving for carbs. That alone is worth the $200/mo I am currently paying.
Okay so before I took this I read all the reviews on here. I was frightened. So I began a 7 day process, 2 pills a day. The odor went away the 2nd day. I guess it started smelling normal. I was very pleased it didn 't have that fishy smell anymore. However I still discharged and on the last day I discharged so much! The doctor and nurse said it 's just cleaning everything out. Overall I was pleased. The effects I did have were diziness, headaches, abdominal pain, and somewhat nauseous. What was weird was that one day my mouth tasted what it smelled like. It smelled and tasted in my mouth like a little bit of bleach. Oh and the pills aren 't that bad tasting when you get used to it.
I 've been on this pill for about 2 years now and have only had a few minor problems with side effects, which was because I forgot to take several in a row. Not only has it kept me from being pregnant, it keeps my skin mostly acne clear and my periods very short and light.
I didn 't have the worst acne in the world but after I came back from my Summer in America, I broke out all over my chest, back and face. Since I was 21, my doctor referred me to the dermatologist to go onto Accutane. In the UK health care is free so I didn 't have to pay for it. I broke out really bad after two weeks but then my skin started to really clear up and I finished my course after 4 months. I don 't have a single spot! I am so happy with the results and didn 't notice too many side effects. I stayed on top of the dry skin/lips with Elizabeth Arden 8 hour cream - I would recommend this to anyone, it 's been a lifesaver!! Good luck!
I have only recently been suffering with underarm hyperhydrosis. It started about 4 months ago. I 'm 49. It is a terribly frustrating condition that impacts your standard of living. I have just started using Hypercare. With the first application of Hypercare, my condition improved dramatically.  With the second application, I am dry all day long.  It does cause some irritation of the skin under the arm, but now I 'm on my 4th day of using it and that irritation has subsided.
This medicine gave me back my life.  Finally pain free after twenty years of low back pain from car accident.
I need to take Cytotec (misoprostol) with it.
Had a horrible cough from a cold this medicine took the cough away totally. Great prescription
I 've been in chronic pain for YEARS..just the other day I took cymbalta..it worked the first day..unbelievable I was amazed.I read a ton of bad reviews so I was sceptical. But it worked..I dont have to take any pain meds at all.I have fibromyalgia small fiber nuropothy degenerative disc disease osteoarthritis lupus..
I have been taking Prevacid for 10 years now. It had worked tremendously. I have tried to go without it but my acid reflux just gets to bad. I had two endoscopes done prior to taking Prevacid for scaring in my esophagus. Prevacid has healed my esophagus. I would definetely recommend it for anyone who suffers from GERD like myself.
I have been on Harvoni for over 4 weeks now.  I have had my labs and am waiting on the results to determine if my HCV and viral load are detectable.   I feel fine on the medication.  A little fatigue and my appetite has decreased, but it is hard to determine if the Harvoni has caused it.  I guess I have had the Hep-c for under 2 years, because I was negative 3 years ago.  I am so happy that we have a cure.  I am wondering if my fiance has the virus, because we were not careful about our needle use at times (addiction at its finest).  We are clean now and I am on Suboxin.  I am a Navy Nurse Veteran and I am not charged for the Suboxin or the Harvoni and I am so greatful.
At first I was skeptical because of the reviews I read... But of course I had read the reviews lol after I had already inserted the medication... I was so scared to fall asleep... I literally was waiting on the horrible experiences I 've read about but thank God I didn 't.... It worked great... I 'm glad I bought it... Maybe you guys have had allergic reactions and didn 't know.... Idc but like I said it worked wonders for me. No itching no horrid burning or swelling... Just a lot of discharge other than that it was great.
I have OA in my knees and muscular joint pain.  I took Oxycodone for several years.  I have a T11/12 herniation and 2 lumber bulges.  The spinal issues cause my feet to burn after lying in bed for a couple hours which lead to many sleepless nights.  I was prescribed Gabapentin.  It was 90% efficient in blocking the neuropathy but caused horrible cognitive side effects.  I asked the doctor to let me try Nucynta.  Not only did it work better than the oxy on my OA and such, it was nearly as effective as the gabapentin for nerve pain.  I take Nucynta ER 50 twice daily and Nucynta IR 50 once daily if needed.  The Nucynta causes no euphoria as with the oxycodone.  I sleep 8 hours a night and no burning sensation in my feet.
I had been constipated for days due to my medications. I took 2 pills and was able to move a bowel with no pain.
I 've been on Arava for over 10 years now.  At first (following the loading dose) I was taking 20 mg daily.  I went from not being able to dress myself to being completely independent and relatively pain free.  I do have fibromyalgia, so there has been some muscle pain with that. I lost quite a bit of hair at first, but that stopped.  After 7 or 8 years I asked my doctor if I could try to taper down.  I went from 20 mg daily to 20 mg every other day.  I have mild psoriasis which flared when I cut back, but eventually it cleared up again.  After a year, my doctor decreased it to 10 mg every other day.  The psoriasis flared again, but is now gone and I am maintaining at 10 mg every other day and doing well.
I suffer from chronic lower back pain due to scoliosis and arthritis (42 yrs old). I also suffer from Irritable Bowel Syndrome. I take Zofran almost daily to deal with the miseries of both lower back pain and digestive issues. I still have regular bouts of vomiting, however, Zofran will stop the pain and nausea that would continue for days and land me in the hospital with an IV delivering morphine into my system to stop the cycle of vomiting, nausea, and severe pain. I love my Zofran! It makes life &quot;livable.&quot;
I love Abreva! I was exposed to the virus that causes cold sores on the lip one year ago. The first time was terrible is never been through it so I didn 't know what to do, but this time round I knew exactly how to handle it
Do not base your opinion off of these reviews! It is important to remember birth control works differently for everyone. I was absolutely terrified to go on any type of birth control pill because I find myself prone to side effects with these things and was already having bad anxiety. Turns out this pill completely levelled me out. I haven 't experienced any negative side effects at all except for the break through bleeding (which is why I came on this site in the first place). Besides that, nothing. Try it! I feel as though my body actually really needed this, since it seems as though it 's actually levelled out my anxiety.
I have been on phentermine for 3 days. I have lost 7 pounds. HIGHLY due to the fact that I haven 't eaten much of anything. I have walked everyday for 30 min a day. I take the pill when I wake. I have had a headache everyday about 3 or 4pm. I believe its because I am not taking in enough calories. I am also taking birth control and a women 's multivitamin.
I could not get out of bed without Adderall. I have been taking it since 2000. However, I developed a severe spinal disease, fibro, and arthritis. I had to give in to taking pain meds which interfered with my Adderall dosage. I currently take 40mg. I have found this dose ineffective for the past several years. My family doctor prescribes my meds and doesn 't feel comfortable titrating up to 60mg. I weigh 335mg as well. I am frustrated and feel exhausted most of the day.
I 'm a paraplegic. I was in a SEVERE auto accident, broken vertebrae, most of my ribs were broken, broke my pelvis and ruptured my liver. After I was out of rehab, 4 months after the accident, I was put on pain meds. First I was put on 500mg Vicodin and after about 6 months I began building up an immunity so they switched me to Darvocet but they were worried about the amount I needed to take that the acetaminophen would damage my liver so after being on that for about 6 months or so they switched me to the Darvon. It worked REALLY well!!! In fact, I was able to back down on the amount I was taking because they were more effective than the Darvocet. My insurance covered it but even if it hadn 't it 's much less than most other meds.
I 've taken Vesicare for 3 weeks now and my overactive bladder has improved significantly. Before I was back and forth to the bathroom all day at work and nights were the worst. 5 to 6 times throughout the night had my life completly messed up. So far I think I 've only experienced dry mouth and I 'm hoping that 's all I experience because this medicine has changed my life.
I am doing so much better with carvediol than I did with Coreg.  I know, I know, it 's the same thing, but the dosage choices are much broader than with Coreg.  I was having difficulty with the 20mg (1x daily) Coreg and switched to 6.25mg (2x daily) carvedilol and all the side effects went away (both drowsiness and dizziness).  It has been three months since the switch and I am as happy as a person can be having to take medication(s).
Great.
I was put om buspar due to getting custody of my niece and nephew from dhr and getting a promotion to a new much more stressful job. The buspar helped keep me calm enough to focus at the tasks before me and help me get through my day to day life. I was super stressed and scared bc of all of the changes in my life and buspar helped me calm down and cope
I am a 50 year old male who has slight hypertension and thyroid issues.  Slowly over the last 5 or 6 years I have noticed that obtaining and maintaining an erection have gotten more challenging, sometimes to the point where the erection is completely gone and having to get it again to finish off.  I have also noticed some challenges around urination, weak stream, feeling of a bladder that isn 't empty and immediate urge to urinate.  My doctor prescribed 5mg Cialis daily and the erectile issues were gone almost immediately, my wife says it is just like it was 25 years ago.  I also notice that it appears to be somewhat fuller when not erect.  The only side effect I had was for about 3 days, my nasal passages would plug up, that is now gone.
I was prescribed Kariva after another birth control became too expensive. I was afraid to try it out since there were so many negative reviews, but I am happy to say that this is a magical little pill (So far). I have not experienced any weight gain, moodiness, or low libido. My acne cleared up (I 'm 27 and have always battled with acne) for the most part. The only drawback is some mild discharge, but nothing to worry about. I LOVE this pill! 
I started medication on March 4th im down 10lbs.
I have been on Pristiq for about 2 months. I 've tried probably 10-12 other anti-depressents with lots of side effects that made me want to quit them. I feel better emotionally today. I have no side effects and I am able to complete tasks in a reasonable amount of time, without feeling overwhelmed. I have no anxiety issues and I am finally enjoying my life. I only wish the insurance industry would cover this medication.
contrave so far has been decent. it is expensive, but look up on the website for a card which helps take off some of the money, then get the app rxone and it helps too! look for discounts if you like it b/c it costs a lot. i started my 3 weeks today (7/8/2016) and I 've lost 4.6 lbs for now... 2 pills in a.m. and one at night. I fluctuate a few pounds too through the day... so I try and weigh the same time every week...I don 't have as many cravings and im just kinda mellow too... I don 't know how much of what is in it, but I feel just like it works for me so far. I 'm keeping track of my weight on myfitnesspal app.
I was injected with this at the close of my foot surgery (5th metatarsal oblique fracture). I experienced NO pain at all during my recovery. I wore an armband for 96 hours to alert others, in case of emergency, not to re-administer this medicine. This injection enabled me to rest comfortably, and prevented me from needing to take narcotics for pain relief.  Friends who had previous bunion/foot surgeries had warned me of how painful it would be. I expressed this to my doctor and he said the Experal would provide relief for as short as 24 hours to 72 hours. I NEVER had pain so can 't say how long the shot lasted. My foot and leg were completely wrapped with an icing system integrated so I really couldn 't tell how long my foot was actually numb.
Great works at almost every type of itching
I take both versions, 150 ER twice a day, and one IR once a day. This works for me better than vicodin 10 's along with all the other stuff I had to take with them. I used to take 6 a day of vicodin, or ultram  300 and 6 ulram 50 mgs and soma 350 mgs. Now, all I need is the nucynta, sometimes I have pain it doesn 't totally control, but, you can 't be pain free 24 hours a day no matter what you take. I like that if you forget to take one, or whatever, there isn 't any withdrawals for me. Nothing, no insomnia, no illness, it works like an opiate without the hassles. I don 't know why it is schedule 2 because to me, it is like a super strong tylenol, you never withdrawal from tylenol. I feel lucky that my doctor chose this to control my pain.
I am 53 yes old and I am giving a update with the phentermine 37.5 .I been taking the pills since 3/23/16 .and I am down 7 pounds.#250 is my weight.Dry mouth is gone.
Excellent medicine, I take it only as needed but beware, for me at least, massive and rapid weight gain has occurred on it, I was a consistent 130 pounds for the last 3 years, within a month of starting it I 've gained 25 pounds. Which for me is great, I needed the weight gain, for others though, take caution in this. For me this drug has been phenomenal and I can take it once and feel good for days.
I started Chantix 8 days ago; on 1st day of 1mg twice a day. I 've only had nausea. Cigarettes taste terrible. I was smoking 1 to 1-1/2 packs a day for over 30 years. Quit once cold turkey but mom died and started smoking again. Quit once with pregnancy but started again after delivery. My kids said they 'd like me around to see their children and knew I had to quit. I really enjoyed smoking; I called it &quot;me time&quot;. I 've found other ways to give myself a break; reading and exercising. Already I don 't want to smoke as they taste nasty. I was worried a bit as I am bipolar - but psych MD prescribed and haven 't had any increase in those symptoms. I would suggest that you talk to all your doctors if you have psych conditions; it doesn 't hurt to try. You can quit.
I am on Ambien and feel great.
Unbelievable this medicine changed my life, I 've been struggling to get sober for the past three years, rehab after rehab, always thinking I can control it this time, or that some how this time will be different, I now celebrate 6 months of total SOBreity, I 've seen reviews of people saying that it makes them drink normal and I am way to scared to try that, I 've become to involved with AA to want to change my sober date. But who know maybe one day.
I 've used Prevacid for years, then my prescription insurance had my doctor change me to Nexium, my problems came back. 
I met my amazing husband at age 15 and fell in love on sight. Sadly, circumstances (his parents) forced our lives in different directions and we lost one another for 16 years. On a fluke, we found each other again. None of the feelings we shared had quelled for either of us, despite my having married 2
I have had bilateral knee replacements and severe multiple joint pains problems.  I have been &quot;around the block&quot; with all sorts of medications to help me with pain &amp; inflammation. This includes getting and becoming addicted to pain medication. I have not taken Celebrex because at the time my problems were so bad, they were pulling all the cox 2 inhibitors off the markets. I have been on Celebrex now for slightly over a month! What a God send! I am absolutely AMAZED at how well this has worked. Please give it a chance, you will be extremely satisfied!! Pfizer offers help paying for this RX. I have a $10 copayment but with help card $4.00!! Can 't beat that!
Norvasc was given to me to treat migraine headaches. I am 28 years old.  I was having them as frequently as every other day.  I dealt with this for five years before being prescribed Norvasc.  After two months of taking a 5mg dosage, I can say I am a new person!
I have had Psoriasis since puberty and for lack of a better term it was a living hell.  It covered 80% of my body.  I started Enbrel 4 years ago and I cleared up drastically within the first month. It was a miracle.  Only side effect I encountered was during my blood work check ups my doctor noticed my ANA was high which could indicate drug induced lupus so we kept a close eye on that.  I am no longer on Enbrel because I got Pneumonia last summer and couldn 't take it while sick and I never broke out the whole time I was off it. So they saw no need to go back on it.  Since then I have been experiencing break outs again and wish to go back on but its not a large enough percentage covering my body to start it up again.
Applied after bathing at bedtime. Relief of eye itching was achieved totally in minutes. Bothersome tearing was all but gone by the morning. Lasted about 16 hours on heavy pollen count day. Not covered by insurance, but I will spend to buy anyway.
I got it inserted in April 2013, that June I bled for about a month straight and waited it out to see if there would be change, after that it stopped and I have not bled since. It is still in my arm and it is now Feb 2016, I will be getting it removed next month and a new one reinserted. I think it is great and it has not given me any problems. Everyone 's body is different and remember we all react differently. I think it is great, also I 'm very active, and I have never has a pregnancy scare.
I was diagnosed in 1998 via papular biopsy by a US Air Force MD. I am so glad he knew right that minute what medication I needed. I had been treated for everything from scabies to exzema and beyond with everything but the right thing! It had been going on for about 4 years and I was going insane with the itching, oozing, infected elbows, knees, and groin area! These areas were also painful at the same time. It is a &quot;miracle&quot; drug for me!!!!
I was diagnosed with depression and anxiety 5 years ago. I was so stressed about work, even though I liked my job and wasn 't stressed about it for years before. Had continuous trouble sleeping more than 4 hours a night sometimes less. I went off work for two months due to stress, anxiety and depression. My doctor prescribed 25 mg of seroquel and 20 mg of cipralex for depression. I take both at night an hour before going to bed. I saw a psychiatrist for about two months during the time I was off work. I didn 't get off the couch basically all day for about a month. Started to sleep better and feel a bit better after a few weeks. I sleep perfectly now and haven 't had any real problems last five years.
This birth control has lightened and regulated my periods. My sex drive is normal. However I do experience a lot of discharge. I would recommend this birth control to younger women.
I see a lot of negative experiences on here. Fortunately, I won 't add to those. This is day 8 after beginning Belviq, and I have lost 8 pounds!!!I started the RX as prescribed: twice a day, 12 hours apart. I have to make myself eat. When I do, I only eat a very small portion. My meals are only about 200 calories each, with 3 tiny snacks. I cut back on all sugar (even Splenda).  **Cravings are non existent&quot; I am 57, I have COPD, and 2 herniated discs, so it 's hard to exercise normally. But I am increasing activities, and doing back exercises, and walking when I am able. Will add weights when my back feels more stable. I have had absolutely no side effects! No headaches, no muscle aches, no drowsiness, nothing. I couldn 't be happier.
I decided to write a review if this works. My boyfriend and I had sex when the condom broke. We freaked out since I had been skipping my birth control pill (which is a bad idea...TAKE YOUR BC) and I was also starting to ovulate. We ran out to get the pill asap and I took it probably 2-3 hours after the incident. I recommend taking it asap because it 'll be more effective. I didn 't really have any side effects except I was pretty fatigued a lot. A few days ago, I had cramps and broke out with acne and today I got my period. The pill works if you take it as soon as possible and if you haven 't ovulated by the time you take it. If you ovulate, wait a day after unprotected sex, then take it. It 's not gonna work because you 're already pregnant.
Started using Spiriva in 2003 and noticed much improvement in breathing and endurance. As my emphysema has worsened and flare-ups occurred more frequently, my pulmonologist added Onbrez and it too is very helpful. The combination is effective for me, FEV1 went from 37% to 52%. My principal side effect is dry mouth, but a sip of water now and then beats shortness of breath or worse.
This drug does work for me...I take it twice daily 2 pills morning and night..VERY EXPENSIVE is the downside
Vivarin for my hypersomnia worked better than taking amphetamines for wakefulness.
I was on Levemire and Novolog for several years, excelent controll with A1C 's from 5.9 to the high 6.+ hardly ever out of the 6.something range.  However, I was recently switched to Toujeo, now my blood levels are anywhere from 80 to nearly 300 (fasting) A1C was recently 7.3, waiting for lab results to see what level my A1C is now.  Been on the Toujeo for about 4 months now, thought maybe it would take some time to start working, obviously, different brands work differently for different people just from reading the above remarks...
Shuts off my appetite - I actually have to remind myself to eat - which is a great thing because now instead of grabbing food to satisfy my seemingly insatiable appetite, I am making healthy choices.  Been on Qsymia since July 14, 2016 and have already lost 16 pounds.
After steroid shots for back problems, I went up to 224lbs. I saw a picture of myself and knew I had to do something. My doctor started me on phentermine about 10 months ago and I am now down to 140lbs.  Now down 84lbs I have set my goal weigh to 120lbs. Though my doctor wants me at 105lbs. I have set June as my date to meet my goal. I walk daily and watch what I eat.  Though I do let myself have treats weekly so I am not craving sweets.  I found semi-sweet mini chocolate chips used in baking are a great snack.
I had 18&quot; of my large intestines removed a year ago. I still had Diarrhea bad. I took Imodium and was so happy I feel normal. Something I can 't drink is Beer. )-: That is ok with me. I only take it every other day. I am a happy camper.
I put off having a colonoscopy because of the horror stories friends had told of the gallon of prep they had to drink and how horrible it was. MoviPrep was a small 32oz. bottle, the lemon flavor wasn 't something I 'd want to drink on a regular basis, but it wasn 't that bad. I did chill in fridge, shake before pouring into a plastic cup with top and straw. Immediately following each 8 oz. I chewed a fresh piece of Juicy Fruit gum until the next 8 oz.  Did the second 32 oz. of MoviPrep at 5 a.m. the day of my procedure. It was slightly harder to get down simply because I don 't eat or drink anything until  later in the day. Procedure was a breeze.
Hi there I was on mirtazapine 15mg then got moved up to 30 mg had a real bad time didn 't like them at all. So now I 've  been put on citalopram 20mg it 's only been on them for 5 days but when I take them in the morning anxiety goes up and down but by 6 at night I 'm fine.  Is this normal as my depression seems to lift that time as well.  I 'm just wondering if I need to take them but scared not to
Since taking it for RLS, I have not had a single problem with my legs or arms trying to run a marathon while I try to sleep. The only problem I have is it makes me dream like crazy. I sometimes wake up and almost think the dreams were real. It is very strange and it happens almost every night. I have gotten used to it though. For the relief it has provided me, the dreaming is worth it.
I have osteopena and I have taken fosamax and then boniva for  about 28 years and have had no side effects at all and my osteopena as shown in bone scans has not gotten worse. I am very active and have no pains and very good health. I am now 90 years old and recently fell and broke my wrist and fractured my pelvis because I stumbled over a curb.Both fractures healed within several months and I am back to being completely normal not having to use any devices for walking and I continue to travel all over the world. I give a lot of credit to both fosamax and boniva and would like for others to know about my experience as I believe these drugs  are responsible for my good health.
Have been afflicted with migraines for about 7 years now. Tried several medicines, including the prophylactics--with varying degrees of success and side effects. Relpax gives me my life back most of the time verses 3 day nightmare of pain. It does numb my face a little and make me woozy, but that 's well worth it for me. It 's so effective for my migraines, which definitely seem to be weather, and not food, etc., related.
I have been using the Nuvaring for 4 or 5 months now and really love it overall aside from one annoying side affect. It is super convenient, easy to insert and remove, lightens my period, and has caused no emotional or physical side effects but ONE. Gas. Bloaty, trapped, frustrating, painful gas. It 's very unfortunate because otherwise, it 's a great birth control. I 've dealt with it hoping it would go away after a few months, but it hasn 't. If you think it 's an insignificant enough side effect to cope with, maybe it 's the right one for you to try. I 'm considering changing to a different one at the end of my next cycle.
This pill changed my life! I suffered from such bad cramps before that I would be throwing up nonstop for hours. I now barely have to take advil when I get my period, my periods only last 4 days too. I do not break out, no mood swings also! I did gain a slight amount of weight but nothing too big. Love it! Going on year 2 now of being on LoLo!
I have been on Celexa since May and was reluctant to start since I had read all sorts of bad reviews on the internet. However, I am so glad I did because it has truly changed my life. I used to stress over everything and I have Generalized Anxiety Disorder. I feel 100% better. Celexa has allowed me to take control of my emotions, to read situations more clearly and to put things in my life into perspective so that I am not in a constant state of anxiety. I did not experience any side-effects. This drug has allowed me to take back the control of my life and has stopped that constant worried voice that was in my head. I highly recommend it to anyone who has the same issues as myself.
Three years ago I developed bad pain, numbess and tingling in my right arm, I was referred for physio and was told I had a trapped nerve in my neck. The pain hung around for a couple of months but then I was prescribed amitriptyline. Within two weeks the pain had stopped. Not sure if this was down to the medicine or was just a coincidence but the pain has now come back so I will be trying it again.
Taking for chronic regional pain syndrome.
My first two pregnancies my doctor said I had HG. I popped all blood vessels in both my eyes and was so desperate and miserable not keeping anything down. My third pregnancy my doctor finally told me about diclegis! What a lifesaver! I no longer had to have a zofran pump in my stomach or walk around my house with an IV pole! The first dose I was tired, took a nap right away! The next few days I was tired too. But I had to take 3-4 a day every day, until I delivered my baby. So the tiredness wore off. I could drive and function just fine after taking it for a week or two. I 'd rather be tired than have black eyes, look like a zombie, not be able to keep down an ice cube, and cry 100 times a day. If you 're really suffering, this is worth it!
I 'm glad I was prescribed Vistaril. It relives anxiety quickly without all the downsides of Klonopin or Xanax. The drowsiness is more pronounced, but I 'll take it over a panic attack. This seems like a good medicine to take as needed. Be careful driving, and remember to rely on natural coping skills as well. To the people experiencing an abnormal amount of drowsiness or nausea, just remember it 's temporary. It was totally effective for me, and my anxiety is moderate.
I try not to use them often, I usually just try to put up with my anxiety because I don 't want to go on antidepressants as none of them have worked for my anxiety and made my mood worse. So I find Valium when I really need it fantastic, it is quick and no side effects for me. It 's a pity the doctors don 't like prescribing it, people who abuse it make it hard for someone like me who really needs it in times of severe anxiety.
So I just started this birth control almost 2 weeks ago. I am 24 and this is my very first birth control I have ever used. I was prescribed this pill to help with PCOS symptoms. I read reviews before taking my first pill and was super scared. I was expecting to feel horrible. The first 4 days I felt nothing at all except extreme sleepiness and my appetite has gone down some; the 5th day I had a horrible headache/dizziness/nausea and I ended up sleeping it off. I pushed the time I take the pill to later evening because I have felt so sleepy since starting this medication. I don 't really see it being listed as a side affect and I 'm not sure if anyone else has the same problem, but I am pretty positive it 's the pill.
I 've been on this BC for about 4 months and I 've really had no problems with it. I have had a lost of appetite but nothing to severe I also missed a period one month but that hasn 't happen again and my periods have been really light and short. No mood swings. Some acne but not much more the usual.
My podiatrist gave me a sample containing 2 patches for heel spur/achiles tendon pain.  I 've been using the patch for 3 days and have noticed a marked improvement in the amount of pain.  Based on other reviews with issues of sticking, I use veterinary wrap to hold it in place. I 've since called my podiatrist asking for a full prescription based on the relief I already feel.
FOLLOWUP-6/09 Thyroid numbers are holding within accepted levels. I 've missed a day on occasion and I can tell when I do, as I become more easily fatigued. But other than the 8-10 pounds I can 't shed I 'd say this medication is a success. I am a 45 year old athletic male professional. I was diagnosed with an under active thyroid about 1.5 years ago. I tried self treatment (eliminating food that remove iodine from the body, etc). I also took iodine supplements. No effect.  After 30 days on levothyroxine I felt much better. More energy, mental clarity and positive attitude.  I have now been on the medication for 9 months and have only experienced one negative side effect.  I have gained approximately 8 lbs. I will follow up after my April checkup.
Began taking Contrave when I was 180lbs. 5 months later I am down to 153!! Contrave has helped me be more in control of my eating. I think I was always in denial, but I definitely had a good addiction. Food gave me that high. Contrave literally shifted the way I think about food. Now don 't get me wrong, I still get hungry and certainly don 't forget to eat, but I now have the ability to stop eating when I 'm full. My weight loss has simply come from being able to cut portion sizes drastically. I most definitely don 't eat salads everyday! I no longer crave Coca Cola anymore which saves a ton of calories! You still have to be disciplined as its not a magic pill, but for me it has changed my life!
I have had a chronic depression since I was about 2 years old.  Paxil lifted the feelings of always walking around in depression and changed them to a normal level of feelings and emotions! Who could ask for more?
I absolutely love Cymbalta if do not take it along with my pain medicines, my pain medicines do not work very well. Big difference without my Cymbalta. Don 't know what I 'd do without it.
The procedure was pretty painful but really short. I had some pretty decent cramping directly after. I went straight home feeling kind of achy, and sat and watched netflicks with a heating pad for a few hours thinking  'ok when is it going to get bad? '. I got up and went to target to see how I felt walking around, I had some cramping after walking around. Next day went to work, I hardly bled at all but I did feel achy. Later on day 2 my boyfriend and I were able to have sex. (with no issues) Day 3 no bleeding, light cramping. Day 4 (today) no bleeding or cramping. So far, it has been a good experience!
Hi there! I decided to hop on the bandwagon and write a review if I got my period. Thankfully, here I am, writing this review. I am 18 years old. My boyfriend and I waited 3 years of our relationship to have sex in case a contraceptive fail happened. After having been together for a full 3 years, we had sex! We have been having occasional sex for a while after that and it has been going fine. However, last time, one of our biggest fears came true. The condom broke. At 18 years old, the last thing I want to be is a mom. Him and I have a whole bright future ahead of us. He has gotten many scholarships and has been accepted into a nice college. Luckily, we are fine but let this be a lesson. You have your whole life ahead of you!
I have been on and off Seroquel generic instant release for years.  Doses anywhere from 25 mg to 300 mg.  It works for me absolutely.   Have tried Zyprexa, Geodon, Risperdal, Latuda and Saphris.  Always back to Seroquel though.  Calms racing thoughts, squashes anxiety with the hammer of Thor, sleep like a stone.  No weight gain for me, worst side effect is headache for me.  Great med, recommend it for BPD. Bipolar, Anxiety or Panic and Insomnia.
Citalopram is the best thing that ever happened to me. It was like a cloud was lifted and I could see everything in my life clearly. It is amazing and I have very minimal side effects. Just more intense dreams and at first it messed up my sleep schedule. I would be tired alot and then not be able to fall asleep. But that passed after a few weeks. Ive been on it for about 9 months now and it is still working great!
I asked my doctor for a different type of antibiotic to take for this urinary tract infection instead of Cipro. This is my second day taking Bactrim for my UTI and I can already see improvement! It feels like the infections almost gone. I do however get a little bit of an upset stomach so eat something substantial just before taking it and drink a few more bottles of water than normal and you will be golden!
I am 41 years old. I have been taking Boniva for the last 3 months with no side effects so far. Fingers crossed.
This pill is awesome. I am 43 yrs old and have used it for about one year now. I love this pill; it lasts me for about 2 to 3 days. You feel like you are in your 20 's and you can go more than one round and on top of that in about 15 minutes after ejaculating the rocket is ready to launch.
I have been on a few meds for Overactive Bladder and they have all had the same intolerable dry mouth.  I have been on this product for a little less than a month and not seen any side effects and my symptoms are better. It is a higher co-pay, but worth the symptom relief!
My colonoscopy was booked in for late afternoon on a Thursday. The hospital said to stop eating anything from 1pm on the Wednesday and recommended (giving some detail) a non fibre diet from Tuesday evening until Wednesday noon - avoiding dark drinks and jelly (like blackcurrant flavour). Avoid red meat, sausages and pies; fruit, vegetables and salad; potato skins or fries, wholemeal or brown bread; nuts, pulses, baked beans; wholemeal pasta, brown rice; puddings containing fruit or nuts; cakes and biscuits, yoghurts. Preferred are white skinless meat like chicken, grilled or poached fish, cheese, eggs; white bread, pasta, rice; boiled or mashed potatoes, water, fizzy drinks, fruit squash (not blackcurrant), clear soups, tea or coffee, shredless marmalade or jam, ice cream, custard, clear jelly, butter, margarine. The hospital also instructed me to start taking Moviprep, one packet (A + B) at 7pm Wednesday evening; and then another packet (A+B) starting from 6am Thursday. On each occasion I was told to drink the mixture at 250ml a time over 1 to 2 hours. On each occasion I was also to take 500ml of clear water AND to take some sugary drinks to maintain blood sugar levels &ndash; non-diet carbonated drinks i.e. Coca Cola, Lucozade, or ginger ale, any other clear sugary fluids such as clear apple juice (but NOT other fruit juices); water alone not being sufficient. A spoonful of honey is suggested if sugary drinks are not liked.On Wednesday evening I mixed the two Moviprep packets (A + B) with 1 litre of water in a large jug. It tasted mildly of lemon but, because of warnings about taste, I downed each 250ml in seconds (rather than sip it) so as not to have to agonise over the taste. Starting at 7am the fourth dose was finished at 8pm. The drug started having an effect at about 7.45pm and thereafter it was a matter of getting to the lavatory frequently and quickly for about 3 to 4 hours. I went to bed at midnight but had to get up again at 2am and two more occasions up to 4am; though not in so much of a hurry. I took the 500ml of water after the final dose and about 250ml of Lucozade after that.  I was also told to use, what we in the UK, call vaseline to prevent soreness of skin on the buttocks. This I did not do but regretted it. Just before midnight I was so sore that I did apply some vaseline ready for Thursday morning and it paid dividends. On Thursday morning I went through the same procedure again applying the vaseline again before starting. This time the emissions were yellow and eventually pretty clear. Also the emissions pretty much (though not entirely) finished by 8am, much quicker than the night before. I can only assume there was nothing left to eject. All in all it was not a pleasant chore but a fair price to pay to get the job done.
This is the one and only thing that has helped my acne.I have tried both oral and topical antibiotics, oral antibiotics helped for a while however my body became used to the drug and the effects wore off and my acne returned.At one point I was considering roaccutane but I am so glad I didn 't.The two things with this cream is time and persistence. At first it will seem everything is worse, dry/burning/peeling skin which is red raw. Only apply minimally at first (1 small blob) and allow your skin to get used to the cream otherwise your skin will burn. After time you can start to apply more. I have been using for 4 months now and I apply twice daily but still have to be careful not to apply too much otherwise I do feel the ill effects.
After being on a rather absurd amount of birth controls in the past 6 years, this was the only one that didn 't cause me to have yeast infections. Most obgyn 's do not believe birth control can cause yeast infections, but After 30 days of remaining on Lutera and Diflucan, I believe mine was convinced. I was given Lo Loestrin and I have not had a single yeast infection for 6 months. I don 't feel as moody on this birth control, and my body acts as though I 'm not even on birth control. This is a negative for me because I have no breasts without a high dose of hormones. Overall I think its wonderful, and I recommend this if you have the same issues as I experienced with other birth controls.  I did experience acne when starting, on the second month I had none.
I 've been taking the shots for 6 months now and have only had 2 episodes of mild asthma. Before the shots, I had severe asthma for 27 years and was on steroids for 27 years. Needless to say, my bones have suffered the consequence of steroids. I wish this drug wasn 't so expensive. It saves lives. It changes lives but most people can 't afford it!  Including myself.  I was completely disabled from asthma, but medicaid approved this drug for me for 6 months.  I has made an amazing difference.
Prescribed this drug following hernia surgery. Took awhile for it to kick in but when it did it worked great. Had to take every 6 hours to remain effective. Stopped taking as soon as pain got better to avoid building up tolerance;may need it again in a month or so. I 'm having oral surgery.
I 'm 16 and this is the first birth control I 've ever been on. My doctor prescribed Ortho Tri-Cyclen to help control my acne, but because of my insurance I was given Tri-Sprintec. I just started my second week and there have been NO side effects whatsoever. Which is a good/bad thing. I was extremely worried about gaining a massive amount of weight or becoming intensely moody or something but nothing 's happened so far. My acne hasn 't changed at all, nor has anything else. I 'm sticking to it though, hopefully it 'll just take some more time to kick in.
Began adipex on 7/7/16, feeling great about it and a little nervous at the same time. I started out at 233 lbs and I am 5 '5&quot; so I was pretty chunky.. a 38.77 on the BMI chart to be exact... Well, I changed the way I ate, I only ate salads, meats, nuts and slim jims for the first week and I lost 12 pounds in 7 days. I cut out all sugary drinks, Haven 't touched a drink with sugar in it since the 6th of July, so very proud of myself! Well, to cut this short, I now weigh 183 lbs and I 'm still losing even though I 'm not on this pill anymore. Just stick to your diet &amp; you 'll be good to go! It 's hard at first, but I promise you get used to it fast &amp; it just becomes natural!! GOOD LUCK!
I have used and still use Hydrocodone IBP10/200 it works for me. I take 3 to 4 pills a day for cronic pain it works good.
Husband has been on Endocet for 7 years. It was the only narcotic pain reliever that works for him.  He refuses to accept other generics as they do not work as well for him.I am sure body chemistry plays a roll in which med works for each individual.  For him, Endocet is the best.
I used to be extremely uptight and I am now very laid back, it feels like a dream.  If I dig or look for my anxious thoughts, they are gone. I suffered from uncontrollable panic and crying, also extreme nervousness.  I can now see things in my life more clearer.  I was extremely uptight for the last 5 years and now I am more laid back, I 'm sad because I wish I had done this sooner.  Lost the love of my life because of my horrible depression and I feel like if I had been on this sooner, I wouldn 't have pushed him away with my panicky behavior which I thought was just my personality!  We don 't choose depression/anxiety, it is a disease.  I thought it was &quot;me&quot; for years!  Feel a bit guilty about not going on it sooner. I am 23/Female.
Took 500mg 3 times per day for 14 days to treat a c. diff infection. Within the 1st week the side effects kicked in. Horrible taste in my mouth 24/7 then followed by constant nausea, loss of appetite. I was so nauseous by the end that I couldn 't get off the couch. Took it with meals, and I haven 't had an alcoholic drink in 3 yrs. Chewed gum all the time to deal with the taste. Horrible side effects, but very effective. Was feeling normal again within a few days of starting it.
I would try anything, I had grown up with the most painful periods, every start of my period had me laying on the bathroom floor crying, and vomiting. It was terrible and not a way to live I went to my doctor and asked for help she suggested this told me some women had bad experiences but I didn 't care. Ladies listen to me very carefully the first couple months are going to be terrible because your body is not used to the lack of hormones missing from your everyday life. So yes my ache was terrible I gained weight because I would get the shakes if I didn 't eat, I didn 't have any energy and I was so moody like to the point I thought I would have a nervous break down, I spotted for two weeks at a time, but now I have no periods and I 'm normal
I felt compelled  to get on a write a review because Most of the reviews sound so bad that I almost didn 't get it but I am so happy I did. Yes, insertion does hurt. I had mine put in while I wasn 't on my cycle which supposedly makes it worse, and no lie, it did suck. But it 's less then 5 mins and that 's nothing when comparing the security of contraception. I was crampy for about 1 week while thing settled, but I took 1 alieve and the pain subsided. I also had spotting during that week but then it went away. Now I don 't feel it at all, and my partner doesn 't either. Before my IUD my periods were approx 4-5 days with only using maybe 2-3 Tampons a day, now they are slightly heavier, 3-4 a day for about 6-7 days. I 've had it for 4 mo. And I love it!
I love this pill. I used to be on the nuva ring but swiched because it caused a cyst on my ovary. And caused my vigina to be tender during sex and would slip out. I 'm so happy I switched the microgestin. I 've been on it for 1 year now.  My skin is clear , my sex drive is the same. And it doesn 't hurt to have sex . And I don 't have a period anymore. But when I do its very light, to where I only need panty liners.  And only 2 days long
She is a new and exciting person.  After 60 days on Seroquel it 's like having our daughter returned to us.  New and improved...Happy and Engaged in Life.   Thank You So Much.
Burning sensation when I pee meant a trip to the Dr. The doctor prescribed Cipro 500mg twice daily for one week. Cleared up the problem quickly.
So I was diagnosed with trich yesterday (cheating  ex boyfriend gave it to me) . My ob-gyn prescribed me Flagyl 500mg x 4 pills for 1 single dose. 24 hours have passed since I took the medication and I feel much better. I 'm having less vaginal irritation, burning and I feel comfortable down there. It also helps that my doctor also prescribed me lidocaine jelly which helps numb the area
Insert:Jan 2014.It does the job as far as not getting you pregnant! I will say that I 've had lots of mood swings &amp; do feel depressed at times BUT I don 't want anymore kids (have one) so this is still perfect for me.When I first got it I didn 't have a period for about 10 months,then the first time I had sex on it my period came back on &amp; would stay on for weeks,go off for days then come back on. This is the 2nd yr &amp; after my period went off about a week later I had sex &amp; had a period after that but now I don 't have one.. Only thing I HATE about this BC is that it makes me feel like I could be pregnant &amp; ive gained a lot of weight. At first I was losing it (also breastfeeding) but now I can 't stop eating &amp; gaining weight &amp; have symptoms.
I used Monistat 1 on a Tuesday for a yeast infection. I am pleased to say that it is now Friday and I am 100% better. I had no increase in discharge, if the ovule is placed correctly then discharge should be minimal. I will warn any users that yeast infections can delay the start of your period based in studies I read. Mine has delayed three days at this point and pregnancy test came up negative. Good luck!
I have been on several Ulcerative Colitis medicines for the past 10 years.  Lialda has been amazing - I feel like a normal person.  Asacol worked for me but I could never remember to take it 3 times a day.  Lialda was 4 pills (a bit big) once in the morning. Lialda has been my life changer.  I heard it is outrageously expensive but with good insurance it is very manageable.
I got the Mirena implanted two days ago (Wednesday June 17, 2015) and so far it has been close to the easiest thing I 've ever had to do. I 'm 18 years old and I 've never had a baby, I got the Mirena to use as a form of birth control. I took 880 mg of aleve 1 hour before my appointment and the whole process took maybe 10 minutes. I 've only had one Pap smear before and she even had to dilate me a little bit but it didn 't hurt worse than my worst period cramps- you just have to breathe through it. I had light spotting for the rest of the day and some mild cramps that felt better when I laid down and used a heating pad. Now I 'm in no pain at all and I am happy and have energy and am VERY happy that I got this done!
After trying over 5 medications (Lithium, welburtin, on, on,) I thought nothing would work and got into a really bad depressive episode not leaving house for months at time and thinking of just ending it all. Than finally heard of Abilify and it saved me. I am now up early, open blinds, smile, do things, laugh and im only on my second week. I am at 10 mg day and have No side effects, nothing but happiness. This medication saved my life, because after years of trying other non responsive medications I thought I couldnt live like that no more. Abilify is all i take but I heard you can add zoloft to it for a even better effect on depression and bipolar. I hope everyone find happiness and the sun shines for you.peace and love
I have been taking a low dose of Gabapentin,100 mg for a week,  changed my life,  I had ablation done 6 years ago, I was grateful,  but....hot flashes overwhelming. ..I am so grateful. !!! Waking up the first morning rested,  dry, no hot flashes all day!! In  a week, no side effects. I am sleeping good, dry, its awesome.  I actually was cold, from a/c.. Anyone suffering,  ask your Doc..., I noticed my foot pain has diminished, I ready to go dancing an work up a happy sweat!!!!
Thank God for this medication.  It has allowed me to have a life.  Initially there was some nausea, but after a couple of days it subsided.  Before I was honestly suicidal because I could not get relief from my back/hip pain.  Now, most of the time, I 'm able to function like a normal person.  
I was diagnosed with Ulcerative Colitis about 12 years ago and have been on Remicade for about 2 of those years. I am still taking Asacol and getting the Remicade infusions every 8 weeks, but I feel about 90-95% better since being on Remicade. I have not noticed any real side effects from taking Remicade, but I have heard from other patients that they have had them. I still think that if I had any side effects (with the exception) of major ones, I would stay on it as long as I can. The only thing I honestly can complain about is the cost. I would say if anyone is being told that it is an option for their ulcerative colitis or any of the other issues that are in the same family (IBS, Crohn 's, etc) it is a huge help.
Very bad cough, congestion, sneezing with flu symptoms. After the 1st dose, the coughing had almost subsided and made me drowsy enough to get some much needed rest since not sleeping in about 48 hours. It felt warm in my throat and chest which took away that &quot;burning&quot; feeling. I only used 3 days before cough was barely noticeable.
This handy little device is great for vacation or just the diabetic on the go.
I am a 21 year old, no kids, I was on the pill for a couple years- absolutely nothing wrong with it except for that fact that I hated worrying about taking it every morning (especially on trips, weekends, staying over at my boyfriend 's house, etc) such a hassle! So I got Mirena in about 3 weeks ago. I absolutely love it so far. It was semi-painful to insert, I felt cramping for a couple hours, and very tired all day long but woke up the next morning and felt almost 100% normal! The cramping and expected bleeding/spotting stopped after about a week and I literally have noticed no side effects since. Also, I have dropped 5 lbs I believe due to the lack of hormones from the pill, so I 'm back to my normal weight! Love this and would recommend to all.
It 's amazing what this medicine does!! I have been a smoker for 15-16 yrs. I was up to a pack a day easily.  I 'm on week 3 and have already quit smoking! I don 't get the dreams others talk about mine are just normal.  I was kinda wanting the dreams as I don 't dream much lol.  My only side affect to report is I do wake up in the middle of the night only once though and I 'm able to go right back to sleep.I quit in 2007 with the patch and let me tell you Chantix is way easier! My insurance paid my RX 100% which was a wonderful surprises at checkout. If you have tried it all and wasn 't able to quit you really should try Chantix! Why? Because it works!! Get your life back get your money back too Happy Quitting :)
Works great but expensive
Xanax made me a normal person again. I had bouts of anxiety seemingly my entire life, but it didn 't become debilitating until I reached my 20s and became overwhelmed with everything on my plate and I lost sight of who I was. I couldn 't focus on anything because I was too worried about school and work and my health issues. It became too much, and I dropped out of school with a 4.0! Anxiety stole my life away, but Xanax gave me the strength to gain it back. I 'm finally about to graduate, have a wonderful job, and just recently got engaged! I am a normal person, and I thank anxiety for calming my brain and enabling me to live a beautiful, productive life. I highly recommend it if you genuinely suffer from debilitating anxiety.
Best laxative out there! I have chronic constipation due to psych meds. I 've tried every laxative out there, and have a very healthy, plant based diet etc. but nothing has helped. Milk of magnesia is the only effective remedy I 've found. Best to take it on an empty stomach- it doesn 't seem to work if you 're full of food- and drink lots of water. Within 2 hours of taking 4tbsp I had 2 bowel movements. No cramps or bloating or pain or diarrhea. This stuff works great.
I 've been using Retin-A for about a week now. If you have oily skin or experience breakouts every morning like me, I would definitely recommend this. I use the .01% dosage recommended by my doctor. They told me I may experience peeling of the skin. My skin has peeled in some spots, but it 's not very noticeable. I removed the peeled skin by using baking soda and water(great exfoliant!) Skin varies by person. I 've given up on every acne regimen and decided to see my doctor. I swear by this stuff. All my acne scars are fading and my skin has become significantly smoother.
Ativan is the best drug ever prescribed to me. I take 2 mg twice a day. It calms me during the day and at night I sleep like a baby. There are no side effects when you wake as well.
I 'm currently on alprazolam-1mg a day. I 've been diagnosed with severe anxiety and panic disorder, afraid of dying; threw my experience because of my symptoms, which are rapid heart beat, trouble breathing sweaty feet or clammy hands, nausea, trembling, trouble sleeping, going out to do anything became an issue too, socializing and even faint, dizzy, pure fear of death. This has conflicted with my wife, children, jobs and my entire life period. Xanax has given me my life back in full and am currently regaining my life back.  
This is my second mirena I have has in. No pain with getting it inserted and no periods for 10 years. I am now 50 years old and I 'm overdue by 12 months to get it removed. Going in October. Is has been the best thing for me and I would recommend it to anyone with terrible bleeding I couldn 't cough sneeze without have blood all over the floor. Had to sit on the toilet for hours until the bleeding would slow down.  Best thing ever.
Few days on it. Ability didn 't work for me. Doctor has me on cogentin and Inderal for akathisia. Taking Trilafon also. Quiting Klonopin slowly, taking Adderall for sleep issues: hypersomnia. Taking Paxil bc it was good in the past(20years ago). Slightly hypomanic which is good for socializing but not for calm mind. Can 't keep a calm mind, not hearing voices, but having a discussion with imaginary person in my head. Is this Pyschosis bc I would hate to get off AD(Paxil) which is great for social phobia
Minimal side effects (nausea for 2-4 days after each titration.) Activating, rather than sedating. Very effective for depression.
I was prescribed Aczone for hormonal adult acne. The first time I tried it I was instructed to use it once daily in the morning and at night to apply Retin A cream. It caused my face to get extremely oily and did not seem to do anything to help the acne. So I stopped taking it for over a two years finding oral antibiotics to be the only solution. However, recently my dermatologist suggested I try Aczone again. I increased to twice daily, once in the morning and once at night. I saw results within a day and my face had almost completely cleared by the end of the week. I still use the Retin A cream at night in addition to the Aczone and it seems to be my new acne solution. I think using it twice a day was a must for me.
Lyrica has been a life saver for me.  Prior to being prescribed Lyrica, I was living with terrible burning pain because of vulvodynia.  Lyrica provided me with the relief I did not get from any other drugs.  I can now enjoy life with little to no pain.  I am so thankful that I was prescribed Lyrica.
I have just started taking Gabapentin and it has been very effective in leveling me out so I can better handle daily life stress and crisis. It doesn 't seem to have any conflicts with several other medicines I take. It may make you drowsy, but I 'm very impressed with the results so far. I take three 300 MG capsules per day. I 'm very glad my doctor prescribed this drug.
I took Tamiflu (I had bought it previously for a trip to China) without checking with a doctor because I wanted to get it into my system before 24 hours from illness onset. While I definitely feel ill (sore throat, achy neck under ears, coughing, feverish, headache) I am able to do basic things at home. I am guessing I would have felt much much worse without Tamiflu, but who knows? I flew cross country seven days ago and failed to wipe down my seat and environs on the final leg of the trip. Sure that was the source. No nausea at all, but I had looked up the side effects before ingesting the first dose and took it after eating a small egg meal. I was really worried about the nausea so am very relieved.
i have been on and off Xanax since its release in the  '80 's.  Two years I attempted to wean myself off.  My reasoning was that 0.25mg twice a day was too much and I was still panicking.  After 3 days I had a full panic attack.  Took 1/2 of a Xanax and called my M.D. He said that he did not know what to do. I called a psych.  I continued on the o.25 mg twice a day.  I continued to be panicking and paranoid.  He placed on Xanax 0.5mg XR in morning and 1mg XR at bedtime.  I feel so much better.  I continue to worry about withdrawals, but having to take two pills a day is no big deal if you have ever had an attack.  I also did not try to hide the fact from people I thought who would find me flawed for taking Xanax. This was freeing.
This the first time I have my cholesterol under control in30 years dropped from 388 to166 after 4 months. It is very expensive though hope price is reduced soon im lucky to be getting help from the Patient Access Network.i worry about this help being stopped in the future which will cause me to stop taking it and having to go back to the medications I used to take which did nothing for me
Six weeks after I had my baby girl I had the liletta inserted (02/01/2016). The insertion was no more painful than a Pap smear or vaginal exam. I 'm loving it so far, experienced some cramping the 1 st day but not since then. Now I gave this a 9 because I started bleeding on the 7th day post insertion after having sex the 4th day and I 'm still bleeding today 02/18 with no signs of slowing down and it 's annoying me. I keep getting spotting on n off since insertion but I 'd take that over the bleeds.
Thank God. I have not had to take the two pack of Prilosec that I have left.My story..I was miserable for months taking several different otc medications. I finally called a research facility to try to join a study, to help cure my gerd. The agent I spoke with asked me if Prilosec had failed as a cure.I said id never tried it so I didn 't qualify. If that was the way they determined  the seriousness of your problem. (If Prilosec couldn 't cure you, you must be really bad) then prilosec must be the best otc out there. So I took the 21 day cycle. I was so uncomfortable that I took 2 the first day.  I don 't recommend that, but I did. After 3 days I say a small improvement.  After 1 week I was sure it was working. 21 days later completly cured
There are 4 pills left in the pack and all I can say is I am happy I have finally found the pill that works for me. I 've tried a few different birth controls but they all made me bleed for months on end.  had the Depo shot in my teens, came off of it I had to go to the hospital. Tried it again at 25 years old: had 1 shot and bled for legit 5 months straight. I requested a low lose pill. Took lo loestrin fe for 1 month and that made me VERY on edge, angry, depressed (I 'm usually happy). Told my doctor I was &quot;done trying birth control!&quot;, but she persisted I try something else. She identified progesterone was too much for my system and thus came SAFYRAL. I legit have zero side effects. Best decision ever. Going to get my new pack tonite!
I had anterior lumbar fusion - implants, plates you name it, in November 2008.   My third surgery - Post operation, I was sure something went wrong due to the agonizing 24/7 pain. I was taking combination of 12-14 Norcos or Percocets a day.  Was shocked by how much pain pills I was burning through. My surgeon could find anything wrong. All in all, a humbling, frightening experience. Then I was prescribed MS-Contin and the agony is over.  Now I 'm planning to return to work. I 'm walking again. My wife is weeping with joy instead of mourning.MS-Contin saved my life.
I got the Nexplanon implant in August 2014, so my time with the implant is almost at an end, and I have to say that it has been the best birth control experience  I have had.Before getting Nexplanon, I had tried birth control pills. I would get irregular periods that were light, heavy, short, long, etc. I had cramps that caused me to spend days in bed or taking heavy medication.When I got Nexplanon, I got my period as usual for two months, but it stopped after that. No bleeding, bloating, cramps, or anything else. I have only this month started to get my period again, which I read is typical in the last year.I will definitely be getting another implant when I have to get this one removed.
I 've been on Abilify for about 2 weeks now. As most everyone else had said, this medication does miracles when it comes to fixing depression. My depression struggle of 4 years is gone. But also it comes with side effects .. It 's this restless agitated feeling that just wont go away. When I sleep it seems to be better but other than that it 's always really bad. My vision is also really bad but that could be because of the Seroquel XR that I 'm coming off of.
Really work for me, no side effect
Hi there I decided to come on a write a review for this product because I see a lot of negative reviews. Nobody really takes the time to come on and review something when they really love it. I have been on the nuva ring for about 6 months now and I love it. I 'm anemic and have endometriosis, so my periods are EXTREMELY painful. And the nuva ring takes care of all of that. It 's very effective in preventing pregnancy. I see some people talk about blood clots. It 's a risk in ANY birth control. You must maintain good general health with any hormonal substance. I also saw people complaining they could feel it or it was coming out. To be honest you can 't just put it in like a tampon, you have to completely lay on a bed and relax yourself.
I have had psoriasis for 30 years. I 've used many topical ointments, light therapy, and Embrel. I 've also tried many home remedies and recommendations; however, nothing worked to clear my skin and my arthritis got worse. I started Cosentyx and after 3 weekly shots, my skin started clearing, by my second monthly shot, my skin was completely cleared everywhere! My arthritis is already much better after the 3rd monthly shot and hardly noticeable at all. If you are a candidate, I highly recommend this course of therapy. The shots are barely painful (I am a wimp). 
I had severe anxiety and &quot;social phobia&quot;. Clonazepam has been a life saver for me. I have been taking clonazepam for over 10 years and expect to be on it perhaps the rest of my life. I 'm 50 and also have Bipolar 2 disorder. I never feel the need to take more then my dosage of 2mg 's at bedtime. 
I 'm writing an update,  I 've been taking Contrave for one month and have lost 9 lbs. This is the pace I had hopped,  2 lbs a week. I still have to count my calories and the medicine helps me stick to me 1,200-1,500 caloric intake daily. The medicine won 't do the math for you, this is where you need to work! I 'm using myfitnesspal to log good daily.  I 'm very happy that I 'm losing weight. My clothes fit better :)  Honestly, I still get side effects now and then.  It 's mostly nausea, insomnia,  and constipation. Sometimes i just have to lay in bed because my stomach hurts so much.  It comes and goes.  I observed some people reviewing are taking Contrave for vanity 10 lbs and I 'm not sure why. This drug is for obesity! Not a quick fix diet!
I have had panic attacks since I was four, I am 33 now. I was an alcoholic four 10 years cause I was on a high dose of Xanax and I got hooked then my doctor put me on Klonopin because it is a longer lasting medicine. I then got put on gabapentin 400mg three times a day and it has been a blessing. It helped me get rid of Klonopin and now I am panic attack free.
Best birth control ever I 've use it for since Jan 2013 and I 've not gain weight, no headaches or nothing different from my normal life except that I haven 't had a period ever since I got it which my Gyno said it was normal when I first got it didn 't hurt a bit and I went on a cruise a week after that 's how quick it heal but I guess everyone is different. Most people I know that has it love it and that 's why I chose to get that one. Good luck to everyone.
I 'm a 24 year old recovering alcoholic and drug addict, I 've been misdiagnosed by many doctors, been on several medications such as lithium and prozac (which I reacted horribly too and sometimes ended up in a psych hospitals) as a result of those misdiagnosis and I was untreated for ADHD my entire life since I was first diagnosed at the age of 9. I 've been on Vyvanse for over a year now under the direction of a new doctor/addiction specialist and this medication has CHANGED MY LIFE. It has made me more focused and productive, more motivated, less hyper, less anxious; it has also CURED my insomnia. This is the real me: balanced, organized, articulate, focused and productive. So happy a doctor finally got my diagnosis right.
I have been taking wellbutrin for almost a month now and I have already noticed a change. I used to be this really upbeat, happy, positive person and all of a sudden I was tired all the time, couldn 't sleep, was really sad all the time, aggitated really easily and also go snippy with people at the drop of a hat. My mom was the one that said you need to go see the doctor and find out what is going on with you. I 've tried other antidepressants, this is the only one that works for me.
I have a ruptured disc at c6/c7 and the pain became excruciating and really took over my life. I 'm a single mother of two small children and work a demanding job. I didn 't know how I would make it through the pain got to be so bad. Tramadol didn 't even take the edge off of the pain anymore. Saw my pain doctor on Monday and he prescribed Nucynta and Zanaflex. Let me preface it by saying that I pretty much couldn 't move on Monday my mobility was so bad. I took both pills immediately upon picking the prescriptions up. Within a half hour I could feel my super tight muscles starting to loosen up a bit. By the 2nd dose of Nucynta the pain went from a 10 to a 3. I have super dry mouth as a side effect but I 'll take that over the pain.
I started a week ago and so far so good.  I took this medication several years ago and had no problems.  I had a bladder sling removed 5 months ago and because of the damage that has been done, I have to take medication.  This is the second time medication I am trying.
This drug saved my life.
I started on Belviq one week ago.  I have struggled with weight my entire life.  I 'm active and average 9000-10000 steps a day and practice yoga once a week. I love to cook and I love to eat!  80% of my meals are healthy, but the other 20% are not.  Over the years I 'm certain my portions of healthy food are more than I need and I binge on the junk food and drink beer. After gaining 30 pounds last year I tipped the scale at 202.  I 'm 5 '6 45 years old.  The first day I had a headache- it went away within 30 minutes.  I sleep great and I 'm not obsessed with food! I 've stayed between 1000-1200 calories easily and have lost 11 pounds in one week. I 'm eating healthy, the binging is gone and I get full faster!
I 've been taking this drug for almost a year now and I find it to be extremely helpful. I only wish I had been taking this medication since middle school. I feel no side effects and it has really helped me focus on my day to day tasks. 
I am 20, I started having anxiety attacks 3 months ago and I am now diagnosed with panic disorder. I was rushed by ambulance to the hospital and they gave me .05mg of Ativan. It calmed me down so fast and I felt better. Now I take it as needed and it saves me from cycling into a worse state during my attacks. I love it.
This is a fast acting medication. It is easy to travel with and store.
I 've been using this product for less than a week and it has worked miracles. I 've had a sweat problem everyday for the past 7 years. I found this product and I can honestly say my life has changed.
Best thing since slice bread.  Very expensive but worth it.  
As someone else pointed out that they have like 0.02% of side effects. That 's me... my psychiatrist has to look up my side effects because they are so random and uncommon. I tell everyone Cymbalta saved my life. I have battled blood pressure for 10 years and have been on 27 different medicines for it. Although, I luckily do not have a severe case of blood pressure, I do need to learn how to handle stress better and went on Cymbalta after a nervous breakdown that put me in the hospital. Was put on Cymbalta and Depakote, the best medicines ever. 16 months later and 70 pounds heavier, I am doing great. Weight gain was from Depakote, and so I got off of that 3 months ago, but Cymbalta is still keeping me afloat.
Wellbutrin was a miracle drug for me. The first time I ever remember experiencing &quot;normal&quot; was after I started taking it.  The only side effects I had were having vivid, movie like dreams, and losing a ton of weight. The dreams were so great, I didn 't want to wake up, and the weight loss was a dream come true.  
This medication was basically my &quot;savior.&quot; I was diagnosed in the Fall semester of my junior year of college and I was put on Adderall XR. I was a mess on the Adderall. I started 50 mg of Vyvanse and I take it everyday for work and school. It 's amazing. The only real side effect I have is that I am more talkative. I love that you do not feel the peaks (with time release) with Vyvanse.
I have always had over bleeding issues and have used many different estrogens throughout the years. This one immediately gave me a very short cycle and the following month no bleeding at all. I couldn 't be happier. No symptoms otherwise. I also would like to note that the pills go into the last week farther than a standard birth control packet, meaning less days to bleed,followed by a two day dose of iron. What more could a girl wish for.
I have acid reflux for 10 years and have been on every PPI and H2 blocker on the market nothing worked did test after test nothing was found, started getting nausea (extreme nausea) and Nothing helped finally my doc prescribed me reglan (mind you she said she only uses this as a last resort befoer surgery is considered) and BAM! Worked amazingly I still take zantac to help against small bouts of reflux but reglan has helped me gain control back of my life! I had side effects at first (nothing major I just felt restlessness in my legs) but they eventually went away! 10/10 100% recommend!
On day 6 now and didn 't smoke but was a can a day dipper for over 20 years. Don 't worry hat people are t a loving about it falls off, I 'm in construction in the heat in Florida all day and it sticks. I know it helps, weird dream thing going on yes, get a taste of nicotine all day, and the initial itch, yep got that too. But what I haven 't had is a dip of copenhagen.. thanks nicoderm.
On my 4th shot. I have had a lot of muscle pain, especially in my left leg. Major spasms. Doctors think it is a slight bulging disk, but they have never seen this type pain with a bulging disk. Still not sure if it is associated with Repatha. Anyone else had this kind of pain?
I had an allergic reaction to several medications, each including Yellow #6 and Yellow #10 dyes in the gel coating on the medications. The reaction was a rash on my stomach along the waist band of my underwear and my pants, under my bra band, my arm pits. Anywhere there was a lot of warmth on my body or a lot of chafing from clothing. The rash was also darkly pigmented. Each time I stopped a medication that gave me a rash, it took approximately 8-9 weeks for the rash to go away. After figuring out what was causing it, my doctor prescribed Singulair (chewable) combined with Atarax. The Atarax was to help me sleep and keep from scratching at night. After 10 days, the rash is gone. I can stop the medication in another week or so.
I was diagnosed with bipolar/severe mania and depression since I was 26, I have see every psychiatrist in my area, and have been put on every antidepressant from Paxil to Effexor. The only one that ever worked is Nardil. I am 33 years old now and would recommend this monoamine oxidase inhibitor to everyone who needs to be on an antidepressant.  I was fortunate to find a very  intelligent doctor who worked with me through these years.  He told me not too many doctors prescribe Nardil for the food restrictions or whatever, but I personally believe the &quot;old school&quot; MAOI 's are the way to go. Nardil gets a 10 in my book.  I felt the ahhh, effects after one week.
I tried the different synthetic hormones for 14 years, never feeling quite right even when my tests said my levels were OK. I started Armour Thyroid early this year and finally feel good. I 'd forgotten what that meant. The Armour dose is higher than the conversion chart indicated but it is amazing to feel normal again.
I had my first colonoscopy yesterday and was given Propofol and Zofran.  I believe some people can have an allergic reaction to Propofol which is what I experienced. Right after the procedure, my nose was really itchy and I sneezed several times. It continued with a runny nose and lasted several hours.  I took DayQuil when I got home and it didn 't stop the symptoms so 2 hours later, I took a generic Antihistamine and that stopped it.  I woke up this morning without a runny nose or sneezing.
What happened to Drixoral? I used it for over thirty years, it changed my life. There is nothing else like it, what is the secret, still no reason for the ending!
Was on citalopram for my anxiety and obsessive compulsive disorder for 10yrs. It stopped working unfortunately and my doctor switched me to Mirtazapine as I also wasn 't eating well. So pleased as now I 'm eating, my anxiety &amp; OCD is under control. I recommend this medicine.
This medicine has helped greatly reduce pain, and has made it possible for me to take less pain medication. The only problem I have had with it is if I take it too late in the evening, it is sometimes very hard to wake up the next morning. It is best for me, at least, to take it at least 10 hours before I need to wake up.
I just wanted to add in my positive experience with Nuvaring also! I figured that the majority of women who were having a positive outcome werent commenting. After being on this for 3 cycles I have to say that I do enjoy the convience. I did notice in the beginning a little bit of acne but that was expected for the first month according to my Dr. I didnt experience any weight gain it was quite the opposite I have noticed that I am losing weight but in a healthy amount. I did experience some of the nausea the first week but it quickly went away with time. My aunt was on the nuvaring for over 4 years and she had great reviews as well.
I started with taking the two laxative pills on the instructions said at 3:30 then drink the solution that I mixed with Gatorade and that took a couple hours. It was a 64oz bottle then took the last two pills at 8:00. Well the taste was ok, but I had heartburn and was nauseous the first three hours. Now it 's 12:51 and still going every half hour. I 'll be glad when this is over. My mom passed away from colon cancer. Everyone should have this test done. It 's worth the trouble to save your life. Good luck everyone.
I 've had the intense headaches for months took one dose and gone!!! Worked for me tasted good
I had lots of comedones and just plain old acne. The creams my doctor prescribed were no longer working and I went to the dermatologist. He prescribed Duac in the morning and Retin-A 0.1% at night. He told me Duac kills current breakouts and prevents them. Within three days, my acne was already drying up and going away. My face was pretty dry and burned for the first week so it took a while to get used to the medicine. It 's been about two months now and my skin is pimple free and now my acne scars/redness is still fading. I 'm very happy with this medicine although it is quite pricey ($70 with insurance for me). Dermatologist also recommended the VaniCream gentle cleansing bar to wash my face with and it 's great and gentle!
I have been taking Xeloda 500mg. for approximately 5 months with only a few side effects  I am on one week and off the next.  I am tired during the week I am on with occasional diarrhea.  I have noticed my hair thinning more but not too extreme.  I don 't have any hand or foot peeling as others do.  I sleep really good and my appetite has not been affected.  On occasion my gums feel a little tender.  The best part is my tumor markers continue to drop in number!   This is working for me.
The condom broke. We ran out and got Plan B One Step less than 2 hours later. After I took it I had some cramping, headache, dizziness and the urge to urinate more than normal. I must say, this pill is a lifesaver! I did not experience spotting like some people mentioned, but I did get my period one week later. It was actually right on schedule, no delay at all. I 'm thankful that us women we have this option out there. I 'm so glad I took it right away like it recommends. It works!
I 've been using the 0.025 dosage and my skin is the smoothest its ever been. My worst nightmare was coming to school with cakey makeup and pimples peaking through. It 's been three months and my skin is 100% clear with light scars. This is the best thing I ever did for my skin!!
I suffered a .45 caliber GSW to the head in 2009. Have had multiple OMFS/ENT surgeries. I have developed a chronic pain condition as a result of the accident. This medication has been a lifesaver. It allows me to function at work and has restored my quality of life. For me, it works significantly better than Percocet.
After years of migraines that lasted three days at a time and nothing working to get rid of them this is awesome. I was worried about being able to do the injection myself, but it wasn 't bad. It felt like a bee sting. Within a minute it felt like the top of my head was going to explode. Within 10 minutes it was subsiding. It was completely gone in less than an hour. There was no &quot;buzzy worn out feeling&quot; like I normally have after my migraines. I had plenty of energy and felt great.  The prescription discount card is a great help too!
I am an adult with ADD it has been a struggle my entire life. I am successful but as I moved up the ranks I have much more paper work and schedules to keep which is very hard for me. I have been on lots of different meds which all did not work or had bad side effects. I now take 50mg Vyanse every morning and it is great no side effects after the first 3 days I took it and it helps me stay on task with no evening crash.
I love the Mirena so far! The reviews I read before getting it scared me but, I had basically no pain during insertion (I did have a baby 9 weeks prior though) just a little poke and it was through.  I was literally in and out of the doctor 's office.  I had slight cramping after but nothing bad at all.  I took 2 Motrin about 30 minutes prior to the appointment.  After I was home with my baby and running around with my 2 year old.  I have absolutely nothing bad to say so far! Miracle device.
I just wanted to let you know how this medication has helped me lose weight.  I started taking this medication 4 months ago and have lost 30 pounds.  Besides taking the medication, I am also eating healthier and doing a little bit of exercise.  In the morning when I wake up I take 1 pill,  1 hour later I have breakfast, for lunch at 11:30 I have a light lunch, and I eat dinner by 5 pm. I will have healthy snacks in between meals.   I want to lose 30 more pounds.  This medication has made me more alert, especially at work.  Gives me more energy.  The only thing negative has been the dry mouth, but its not too bad because then you are forced to drink more water, which is good!
This medicine works. We had exhausted every other psych medicine on the market over a period of 6 years. My daughter is functioning again. The paranoid symptoms have disappeared. It is worth the monthly lab work. She 's been on for 5 years, and no side effects. I don 't think our daughter would be alive if not for this medicine.
I have been taking Ambien for 2 weeks now. Ambien works great and also helps my anxiety.  
This medicine is one of the best things that ever happened to me. It helped me regain my life, drastically cut back alcohol and eliminate my panic attacks.
I had a great experience with Nexplanon. For me, it works great and fully eliminated my monthly cycle. Nonetheless, I 've known of others who have tried Nexplanon and had consistent spotting/breakthrough bleeding. I don 't feel any of the other adverse side effects of oral contraceptives (I frequently would have severe headaches during my period). The implantation was easy and I didn 't feel a thing. Additionally, I did not have any scarring or bruising after it was put in. I would highly recommend it!
After a year of insomnia, I can finally sleep.
I was on nuvaring for 2 years. I recently had to stop taking it because my insurance no longer covers it but if I could choose, I would have nuvaring forever. It was easy to remember and long term enough to forget about it. I honestly had no side effects and I believe everyone reacts differently. You are able to take the ring out during sex (I hate the feeling of it being inside during) but cannot leave it out or more than three hours. I have never been pregnant. I had zero weight gain and I my sex drive was normal. I think we should all remember that all birth controls have potential to have side effects and may not work for everyone. No one really goes online to write a good review either so it can be scary to read so many terrible things
I had started with Prozac (20mg) about 4 months ago but it wasn 't steadily effective and I felt worse the week before my period... it would also make me tired during the day. The doctor switched me to Cymbalta while weaning me off Prozac as such:- week 1: take 20mg capsule of Prozac with 30mg capsule of Cymbalta a day- week 2: take 30mg capsule of Cymbalta a day - week 3: take 60mg capsule of Cymbalta capsule a day going forthI felt great with Cymbalta just on my first week: more energy, felt kind of high like on E but in a good way...just happy. I experienced a few days of insomnia my first week which which I battled with Melatonin an hour before bed (10mg). I experienced headaches for a few days but that also went away. Feel great!!
Absolutely impressed by this medication! After having two babies in a row and gained 70 pounds it%u2019s been a struggle to get the weight loss off. I lost weight on my own prior to Belviq, but I was stuck in a horrible plateau and could not move. I started Belviq at 205lbs September 21, 2014 three weeks so far I am down to 190 total of 15 pounds. So excited! I finally found something that works for me. My side effects lasted for a few days, mild headache, and nausea. Now, I just feel great all the time and super motivated to stay on track. My carb cravings are minimal and I am honestly not hungry. Food now is just something I need to nourish me not to obsess about. I am still healthy staying within my calorie range my using My Fitness Pal.
can I just say, these horror stories got me so worked up I was dreading this prep, the reality is its NOT THAT BAD!!!. Ok so the drink isn 't great, like a salty lemonade ( I find the cranberry powder things disgusting too but if I 've got a water infections I drink it!).I found the 1st litre easier to drink than the 2nd,with the 1st one I used a whisky size tumbler and drank it through a straw at room temperature. I drank it all within half an hour and it started working within the hour. The 2nd litre took longer,I used a bigger glass and filled it with ice, I found it harder to drink cold and the larger glass never seemed to empty so you feel like your going forever! Don 't be put off by the scary stories!
46 yo, average health, no major ED but just not what it used to be.Bought 100mg Viagra and 20mg Cialis to do a comparison (both name brand). Split the pills and took 50mg and 10mg of each respectively in separate episodes. While they both worked, Cialis is the clear winner for me. The reasons:1. Lasts longer - Cialis lasted all weekend. We didn 't need to plan anything.2. Not affected by food - One time Viagra didn 't work at all because I had eaten.3. Cost - Pills are similarly priced but because Cialis lasts 2 days (and Viagra 4 hours) you don 't need as many doses (nor would you waste a dose by accidentally eating).
This does have side effects that do go away. I have lost weight 40 lbs. It took my a1c from 8 to 5.5 in 3 months.
hi my mother suffering lung cancer .The hospital Dr started  her  Gefitinib tablets Ip 250mg 1 tablet in day.so now she is worried about her hair falls .
If you are a migraine sufferer this is a MIRACLE DRUG! Yes the &quot;injection&quot; is sort of painful (for like 10 secs) and I only experienced a little soreness in the spot afterwards.. But within 15 mins of the injection my DEBILITATING MIGRAINE WITH NAUSEA AND BLURRED VISION WAS GONE! I was able to head to work and put in a full 10 hours as normal! No nausea, no follow up dosage, no pills, just a little sleepiness. I 'm a 35 yr old female that suffers from 1-4 migraines with vomiting, light sensitivity, blurred vision per month. Yes, they are expensive, but I am lucky enough to have great insurance coverage thru my employer and only pay $15 per mon for 6 of these
This will be my third day taking this. I feel almost 100%. No side effects either. Great antibiotic.
I recently switched to Zovia from Ortho Tricyclen. It 's definitely doing what it 's supposed to. The side effects that I 've experienced since switching is slight weight gain (even though I 'm active), B to C cup and some tenderness, nausea, and mood swings (and my boyfriend agrees with me -- this is the WORST side effect). What I do like about the Zovia is that it cleared my face up and made my periods EXTREMELY light and short. I think I like the Ortho Tricyclen better but only because I didn 't have any side effects with it.
Works very quickly! Prefer this over any other brand.
works for me, helps me get through the day, I take it 2 times a day, I have neuropathy, on my right side, and this causes a lot of pain, muscle spasms throughout my body, better with robaxin, I have my life back
I am now on my 4th month of Contrave and have lost 40 lbs. I am averaging 9-10/lbs per month. I started at 185lb and I am down to 144lb. (5 '5 ' female). I am beyond happy with this drug. My weight loss comes from an extreme loss of appetite. I have not really exercised. When I do eat, I get full very fast and my meals are about 1/2 the size. I 've had minimal side effects, the worst being insomnia and clenching my teeth, which after 4 months has not gone away (but it is worth it). I did a review a month after I started (MojoT. 4/15/17) and can say my opinion has not changed. Every medication is different. What works for one might not work for another. This particular drug was perfect for me though. Only downfall-it has not helped me stop smoking.
I have been on Seasonique for almost 6 months now. I love it. At first I spotted, cried for no reason, terrible headaches, was very moody, achy, had acne (which I have never had, and I 'm almost 20) and was tired but now it 's great. Just take them on time everyday and DO NOT miss a pill or you will start spotting. I have no symptoms and do not have to eat with it anymore either.
My dermatologist told me to not expect results right away. He was wrong. I have been using this for 4 days and already see a big improvement in the size of my pores, and have not got a new pimple since. I have high hopes for Acanya gel.
This has been the best pain medication I have found to relieve my back and neck pain. It has been the hardest to get prescribed. I do not understand why other then the stigma it has for the maintenance use for herion addicts. Unlike other pain medicines it does not get me high and it last more then a day and I can can get by on less then ten mg a day.
I have a &quot;emergencies only&quot; prescription for 1mg of lorazapam, so I don 't take it every day. I average about two doses a month. But even at that low level of usage, lorazapam has changed my life! I no longer have to suffer through lengthy bouts of my heart pounding and being nearly frozen from anxiety. I keep some with me wherever I go, and even if I don 't need to take it, it 's very comforting to know it 's there if I do. It may have even saved my life on a number of occasions. I am so grateful that a doctor suggested trying lorazapam.
I 've been on Klonopin for about 7 years now and it pretty much blocks any panic attacks, except for a few minor breakthrough panic symptoms now and then. Grogginess seems to be the only side-effect. 
I have suffered with depression and anxiety for the past five years. Gained almost 100lbs due to emotional eating and no energy to work out.  I have tried Zoloft and Paxil and I stopped because I felt numb. Not depressed anymore but not happy or even content.....just numb.  Just a month ago I started taking 10mg of Celexa and I finally feel like my old self.  Suddenly I 'm interested in things again and I 'm not suffering from negative thoughts racing in my brain.  I am hopeful and I have confidence that I can handle situations like I used to.  I hated leaving my house, almost as much as I hated being left alone with my children. Now all is calm.
Let me just start off by saying. Breathe. Chances are you are fine. My boyfriend and I had our little mistake on a Saturday night around 8pm, I took Plan B the next day at 10:30pm. I was experiencing TERRIBLE cramping in my abdomen and very sharp pains in my ribs and I was still feeling that even 2 weeks after the pill. I was scared out of mind. I was getting severe headaches and nauseous. I would even get minor heat flashes.. But let me tell you, I 'm not pregnant. I took a pregnancy test two weeks and 2 days after my accident and it came out negative. Even got my period the same day. If I can give any advice, it 's STOP SEARCHING THE INTERNET. I know it 's hard ladies, but it makes it so much worse. Just make it two weeks, good luck!!
It worked fast and I didn 't have to take a lot of it. Only once in 3 days.
I received my 1st shot a week after giving birth in 2015, I bled the entire 1st month then it stopped completely. So overall I loved being on the shot, I am very petite so I enjoyed the little weight gain, BUT it did decrease my sex drive. I also began having slight headaches maybe once a month, which caused me to finally switch birth controls after 2 years. But I did love the shot overall an I recommend it, especially if you 're practicing abstinence!
I have had a cough from allergies for almost a year now.  I was prescribed an oral medication and flonase.  They had no effect on my itchy throat.  I was prescribed Azelastine and immediately after using it my throat stopped itching.  This cough has been tormenting for a long time and now it is gone.  It 's unbelievably wonderful!  It did have a really bad taste that gaged me but I don 't care!  Next time I will try to lean forward more when I use it.
I have been taking this medicine for several months now, and I am very pleased with the results. I had been taking another medication that wasn 't able to reduce my blood pressure as well as Diovan has, and it had more side effects.
Do not like the weight gain.
This medicine works great for my migraine headaches. I experience drowsiness and a heaviness or tightness in my head and neck, but on minimally. My headaches are usually gone within an hour or two. Sometimes the drowsiness is nice because it helps me sleep through the pain. I would definitely recommend this product.
I have been on trazodone for a week the best sleepaid ever! With the Wellbutrin I feel so balanced for the first time in my life.
I work in a hospital with long hours that can vary between days. When I finally got home and needed to sleep, I 'd be kept up with adrenaline from the shift. I started Ambien and was pretty happy with it. I would be out like a light for a solid 7-8 hours and wake up 100% refreshed with no hangover side effects like I get with benadryl or melatonin. You might wake up and eat something weird some nights and not remember but I just look at it as entertainment... 10mg/night...stay up for about an hour and get the &quot;high&quot; people say and then put yourself down for some incredible relaxed sleep.
I have dealt with excessive sweating ever since I was around 10 years old. Being that this problem started right as puberty did made it very hard and extremely embarrassing for me to handle. I spent hundreds of dollars on antiperspirants, natural treatments, OTC options, etc. I am now 19 and finally gave into going to my doctor to seek help. She prescribed Drysol for me and from day one of using it I have been sweat free. I can finally wear colors again and get rid of my worn out black shirts. The only problem I had was on my second night of using the product. I must have used too much and in the morning my skin was a little sore and red, but this went away with a little pain relieving cream and was gone within a few hours.
I take it for my stress migraines. Gets rid of my headache but causes my jaw to feel tight.
3 back surgeries resulting in severe chronic pain.  I have been taking Percocet 5/325 for over 10 years.  2 to 3 tabs daily and it enables me to do gardening lawn care and other chores around the house. It really allows me to do more and have a better quality of life.
I would get headaches all the time to the point I was not a functioning human being. I 'm 26 and the past few years they gotten more frequent more painful and more uncontrollable. My doctor recommended topiramate and after a few trials of different mg it 's a game changer. I honestly never get headaches anymore and had not a single side effect from this medication (which I was concerned about). It really does help and gave me a feeling of normalcy back in my life.
I just want to share this because I didn 't see it on any other post. I 've been using Drysol for over two weeks now on my forehead and scalp (yeah, weird place to sweat, I know) and it has been awesome. Before this I would always get salty sweat into my eyes while playing sports or dancing... that time has gone! Thanks Drysol!
I have been on quit a few birth controls and this is by far my favorite. I just have one concern with this BC....my legs hairs are much much course and darker. It actually hurt now when I have chill bumps. Its like I can actually feel them growing (which burns now). I have not had a period since I have had it in which is awesome. I find myself moody sometimes, but I think that could also deal with my three little girls and husband.
My son started on Concerta about a year ago. It has transformed his life.  I don 't like giving medicine but I have tried absolutely everything else - swimming, brain gymnastics etc.. nothing really helped.  He is naturally bright but just couldn 't concentrate - particularly when it came to classroom work and focusing on a project involving writing.  The transformation has been incredible. He had an excellent school report in every area.  His teachers are thrilled, he is confident and happy and enjoys school. He doesn 't take Concerta in the holidays or at weekends and manages fine going back on it on a Monday morning.  Only one side effect which is lack of appetite. We ensure he goes to school with a good breakfast and then he has a huge meal when he gets home.
These are the best for my anxiety.
I have suffered from obsessive compulsive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder and Depression for years and have been on many different meds. The longest being Luvox. I decided to see a new Psychiatrist and she took me off of the Luvox and put me on Prozac, gradually increasing it to 60mg daily. OCD improved, but depression &amp; GAD didn 't. She then put me on 2mg Abilify added to my Prozac daily. In 3 days I started seeing improvement and feeling better than I have in many years. Life had been a struggle for me for so long and now I feel better than I have in years. I sure hope and pray that I continue to feel this way. Yes, my appetite has increased and I am gaining some much needed weight. I would still prefer these minor side effects than to go back to the old me. I give Abilify a 10 .
I went to the dermatologist 4 weeks ago and he prescribed trentoin 0.05%. I have hormonal acne therefore I have breakouts on my chin, cheeks and jaw. I have mild to moderate acne. Tretinoin dries my skin. I use it every other night. I use Cerave foaming facewash and Cerave am facial lotion. During the first week my skin looked worse. However, I can see the difference in my skin. My skin looks clear and my acne has reduced. The only con to tretinoin is that it DRIES your skin.
I took chantix  for about a month and a half and quit smoking. I had been smoking for over 30 years.  That was over 11 years ago
I have had extreme issue with constipation and bloating for years. I was miserable.  Linzess is my miracle drug. I know have daily bowel movements and I 'mable to pass gas daily as well. Thank you.
I have very bad acne to the point I was afraid to go out so I went to the dermatologist and he gave me two antibiotics one clindamycin lotion and panoxyl benzoyl peroxide I just started using Monday and 4 days later I see feel difference in my skin I 'm so glad I can show my beautiful face.
I work long hours at an ED in a small Swiss community hospital. Had bad trouble staying awake. I took everything - caffeine pills, OTC ephedrine at high doses, on the end even tramadol, ritalin and benzos. Modafinil helped me get off these pills - with 200 mg I can stay awake a whole busy 14-hour shift. As side effects I noticed some mild headaches, dehydration, nausea and kind of mild aggression. In Switzerland it 's off label and only for narcolepsy, therefore you have no insurance coverage. 100 mg generic modafinil from TEVA are 2.50 CHF or so (about 2.45 USD), guess it 's worth it.
With in an hour I could think clear and I was able to think about thing with out that heavy bag of lead around my neck. It allowed me to focus and think clearly. Very, very helpful.
Just started on  Belviq a week ago and I 'm  so glad I did!  The first day I felt a little tired.  I also had a couple of moments of feeling nausea, not much though.  Since then, I 've been feeling great. I haven 't anymore side effects.  The very first day I could only eat half of my meal.  Just didn 't want anymore.  This has helped curb my appetite tremendously!  I have lost 3lbs in my first week.
I have exercise induced asthma.  And if I used Alvesco a couple hours before a workout I never had to use my rescue inhaler.  I have no unusual symptoms or side effects from Alvesco.  Only down fall is it isn 't covered by my insurance.  Was able to swindle a 6 month supply of samples.  But can afford the  $300 a month price tag.
Very good for helping with migraines but if you 're prone to weight gain, be careful or reconsider.  I have gained about 30 pounds in 5 months.  I struggle with depression so gaining weight is not something that I 'm dealing with in a good way.  It came on very quickly and I was already overweight...(Just a word of warning about the weight gain).
I was given Paxil 3 years ago. I didn 't know what a basket case I was until I started getting better. No side effects at all. I will encourage any one to at least try it for 6 weeks it is a great drug if you truly need it.
I found this very effective in combination with diclofenac. Previously the diclofenac was only lasting 1-2 hours in combination with either 2 x Tylenol 3 or 1 Percocet, but with only 1 Oxycontin per day, diclofenac once again lasts for 5-7 hours per 50mg dose.
I have been on the patch now for 10 years, about started @ 100mcg x 72HRS and am @ 200mcg x 48HRS due to chronic pain from a 90 foot fall from a radio tower. I have been placed on every medicine literally for pain management and this medicine gave me a life back.
This medicine works within 45 minutes and so far has always stopped my cramping, but sometimes after I take it I start to hurt in other places. Does this happen to anyone else? I 'll feel some slight pain or pressure somewhere in the rib area, and then it goes away. I 'll take this pain over IBS pain though
This medicine has made me feel like a different person !!!! I didn 't realized I was depressed , just felt so bad physically and just so blah mentally and felt upset that I was only 48 but felt 98. I had alway gotten from Drs you need to loose some weight and exercise and you will feel better! But the way I felt I know wasn 't from that and thankfully a new dr I saw wanted me to try this and it has made me feel alive again and I actually hav so much more energy than I had!! Had a few side affects and headache the first couple evenings but that waent away quick. I also sleep all night which was something else I wasn 't doing.it has been a wonder drug for me.
I have had DDD and herniated disc in my l5-s1 vertebrae since a motor vehicle accident. Had all facial bones broken, orbitals have plates, screws etc. 3 nose reconstructions and blood on my brain that started epilepsy. After that wreck my MRI showed all the issues in my low back so I went through all the BS in pain clinics and was given all the 2k shots etc and medicines from Vicodin, Oxycontin, Fentanyl patches and Dilaudud. Some helped and some no. I am om Percocet 10-325 and by far is the best I have used.
Highly recommend. I have a C5 pinched nerve which affects my left arm, fingers are numb, &amp; pain in spine. I was taking 700-1050 mg of Soma, 2-3xs daily &amp; Norco 10/325  2-3xs a day. NOT ANY MORE. I take 1 medicine 3 xs a day and feel great. Very rarely do I have to add Norco. This medicine has been a Godsend! Cannot live without it, no surgery for me.
I suffered with sciatic nerve pain for two weeks. It hurt to sit or lay down. The doctor ordered muscle relaxers, which made me very drowsy and I slept 14 hours at a time. I was starting to consider surgery when my primary doctor became unavailable, his replacement immediately ordered Prednisone. By the end of the first day, the pain started to subside. By the end of the third day, it was completely gone. I continued to take the meds as prescribed until finished. I would recommend this product to anyone. My blood pressure was elevated, due to the pain, and I believe Prednisone saved my life.
Taken for colonoscopy prep. Received the generic GaviLyte-G. I didn 't use the lemon flavor packet.  Prepared the container the night before and left it in the fridge. At 4:00 PM started drinking 8 ounces every 10 minutes. I don 't find the taste off-putting at all, it 's like slightly fizzy, slightly salty water.It started working after the 3rd dose (30 mins after starting).  By the 7th/8th dose I was on an every 10 minute schedule - when I left the bathroom it was time for the next dose. 17 doses later (4 liters div by 8 oz) I 'm confident I 'm quite cleaned out; clear going in, as clear as I can imagine might be possible coming out.  Lots of volume, but it works.
I  was recently admitted to a behavioural health center for clinical depression. I am addicted to prescription pain meds and was given small amounts (.5 mgs twice a day) of Methadone for seven days, and was released with enough for seven more days .Not only did I no longer crave my previous narcotic meds my pain level was the lowest it was in years! I suffer from RA and degenerative arthritis in my back. I 've tried several other treatments for my chronic pain including epidurals and a Fentanyl pain pump that went horribly wrong when the catheter came out of my spine 3 times causing an infection that ended with a hole in my back the size of a golf ball that required more surgery. 
I 'm pretty excited. My dress size is down from an 8 to a 4 after about 8 months on Belviq. Yes I am exercising daily. My eating habits have changed for the better. I think that is how it works. You forget to eat and when you do eat you eat less. You get used to eating less and better, healthier foods seem to fill you up more than before. I have now new eating and exercising habits so yes, this is the new me. I hope this helps others as much as it has helped me!
This stuff works really good, had no side effects. But let me tell you, it tastes SO BAD. I 'd eat before taking it, would chug it with water. You 're going to instantly want to puke it out the second it touches your tongue. Horrible aftertaste. I suggest using maybe juice instead of water to mask the taste. Drink lots afterwards too, that taste doesn 't leave your mouth
37-year old female, 10 mgs about 4.30 AM; prescribed three days ago; used for ADD-like symptoms associated with Asperger 's.  I feel more comfortable in my skin, focus lasts for more than 12 hours. Only problems: cannot eat apples without getting spacey for about a half-an-hour (used to eat them to boost focus and energy when my Strattera wore off after four hours), and have to really fight to focus during monthly cycle.  However, no other complaints, yet.  Also on Lisinopril (20 mgs) for blood-pressure and Metoprolol (betamblocker to reduce betawaves for anxiety; 25 mgs).  Concerta XR was good too and had the same effect.
This medicine is the best for migraines.I have been on this medicine for almost a year and I started getting relief after two weeks of taking it. The side effects that I have experienced is, weight gain, dry mouth and dizziness and especially if you wait to take the medicine after a certain time of the night. I give this medicine two thumbs up. I currently take two 50mg at bedtime.
Hospitalized January 2012 due to bleeding peptic ulcer which I didn 't know I had. GI doc said ulcer was due not to H. pylori but entirely to NSAIDs, the nightly 325 mg aspirin (combination therapy with Plavix for RCA stent, Dec. 2010), to which I added generous doses of Advil (600-800 mg) most days trying to combat muscle pain from simvastatin (current combination of Livalo 2 mg   400 mg CoQ10 = no pain). I am supposed to continue Protonix as long as I am taking aspirin (now only 81 mg).  No visible side effects after a year and a half. I do take magnesium 2-3 times a week due to concern about Protonix knocking mg level down. Also take Caltrate, for the osteoporosis it may cause. Protonix is easy to take, but hard to get off of, I hear.
I am 23 and have been taking this for a year now.  After suffering from a blood clot in my leg last year, I found out that I have a blood clotting disorder that is caused by a genetic mutation and have to remain on a blood thinner permanently.  I have been taking Warfarin from the beginning and have had no side effects.  My uncle had tried Warfarin and suffered from a few side effects which prompted him to switch to Coumadin.  For the short time he was on Coumadin, he had no complaints.  I suppose it depends on the individual but the Warfarin has been working just fine for me and is very affordable.
I have been on Adderall for several years now and can 't say enough good things about the medicine. It helps me to focus on tasks and now that I am in college, it has really helped with my studies. It took me a while to come to the realization that I needed something to help with my ADD and I am glad I was prescribed Adderall. The side effects for me have been loss of appetite. I would have insomnia but I take anti-anxiety medicine before going to bed, to counter-act the medication. My short and unscientific philosophy on Adderall is that it bridges the gap between wanting to do something and actually doing something.
I am 22 years old with a 4 month old. Just got it today, last night I was starting to have doubt 's about getting it. I went online and read a few reviews. Some girls had bad experiences. I got nervous and since I am a wuss I thought I was going to chicken out. Today I got it done and it did not hurt at all. Really recommend getting it. Most drs put it wrong. If you are near me, I suggest going to UCI in Anaheim with Dr Rita ceja. She is aswome 
This has been the best medication for my 10-yr old son, both in how it works and the fact that it 's a liquid. He has severe ADHD. He can 't swallow pills and the patch gave him a rash. He had tried a few capsule meds opened up &amp; the extended release bead mixed in pudding. As soon as this came out, we switched him to Quillivant and he 's had great success in managing his ADHD during the day. He starts having trouble at school around 1pm, so it does wear off somewhat, but overall we have been impressed with this medication. I will second the other reviewer 's comment that you should get the Copay card from your prescriber that is given to them by the manufacturer so it only costs $20/month. You can get a new one each calendar year.
I give it a 9 out of 10 only because it 's kind of expensive, even with insurance, and insurance doesn 't cover much of it. Take out the price, and it 's a ten. I 've tried the 20mg, halves of 20mgs (10mg) and multiple doses of the 5mg. I 'll just say this. No side effects to speak of and tons of fun. Takes away any worry that you won 't be able to perform. If anything it brings you back to the time when you were 16 and had to jump into the pool so as not to embarrass yourself in public. About the only way it has failed me... I don 't have the desire to lug his and her 's bathtubs out into the yard and hold hands (See commercials). Aside from that, phew, top-notch!
I have been happy with Nucynta. I have been using it for almost a year. I used hydrocodone/Lortab for almost 8 years &amp; oxycodone/Percocet for about 4 months. The oxycodone made me feel awful. Always tired and stomach issues. I was fine on hydrocodone but I unfortunately built a tolerance after 8 years. I always avoided taking maximum dose but it got to a point where even the max dose wasn 't helping and I was very concerned about the Tylenol mix on my liver. I do take milk thistle to try to repair and avoid liver damage. I have had drug addictions in my life, but never to opiates. I always have been very careful with my prescriptions not to take more than prescribed no matter how much the pain. I like that Nucynta feels very mild on the body.
Finally, after a year and a half of trying 16 other brands of blood pressure medicines, my doctor prescribed Tekturna HCT.  It works.  I feel great.  I have to take a potassium supplement to prevent leg cramps, but all in all it 's the best one I 've tried - with no adverse side effects.
I have been taking Avaparo 300/day for 8 years and it has consistently controlled my blood pressure within acceptable ranges with minimal side effects. Some light-headedness after taking first thing in the morning. Overall I rate it great.
I was given Valium first and I took  pain pills at home about 6 hours before the surgery-Norco was all I took.Then right before they wheeled me into the operating room (so they said), I got that versed IV, and a combination block which was administered via a teeny tiny wire inserted in the inner/upper thigh area-kept my leg NUMB completely for 4 days after that Total Knee replacement-and the VERSED left me with absolutely NO RECOLLECTION of what the surgeons did to my knee.  FABULOUS!Severe pain when the nerve blocking wire was removed-morphine IV drip and additional shots via the IV port helped. 
This medicine is not to be taken lightly.  It helps very much. 
I can 't take oral hormones due to migraines.  I have also never had children.  Had the copper IUD inserted when I was 25.  Had no problems with it.  Switched to Mirena after 5 years.  My periods are always between 28 and 32 days.  I did not have any troubles with insertion and only took Advil before the appointment.  I have had no weight gain, no negative effects at all.  I did not have any coverage and have spent over $1000 on IUD 's...completely worth it.
I 've been on Concerta XL for 3 years now I have two large (36mg the highest dose for my age) every morning. I suffer from ADHD well ADD and it really helps me feel motivated and helps me look forward to things. I lost 4 ish stone and went from 16.7 stone to 12 in 4 years as my adhd made me eat when I was bored/sad/happy and It really ruined my life. I don 't have an appetite anymore and only eat in the afternoon once it 's worn off. I do drink a lot of fluids as on the tablets I get thirsty. I 'm more social and i enjoy everyday activities a lot more including chores. Negatives : the come down is awful and I usually slip into a depression but it is worth it ! I 'd recommend it to anyone !
I take Vicodin for back pain and it does take the edge off.
I 've had IBS-D for over 25 years, I 've had many embarrassing moments over the years and the disease has limited my lifestyle most of the time. Immodium helps but not always, I finally got the point where I could not deal with this anymore, there are things I want to do that I can 't because I 've always got to be near a bathroom. I finally got a referral to a digestive health clinic to get this figured out. After many tests and conversations with the doc we settled on some diet changes and this new drug Viberzi. I 've only taken the drug for a few days, but I am already seeing great results, I hope they continue for a long time. I 'm not having the urgency I had before, I 'm down to one BM a day now and feeling much better.
Wellbutrin XL has been great for me. I have been on it for a few months and have completely noticed the difference in my lifestyle and my libido. My doctor was giving me samples of the brand name but she ran out and my insurance wouldn 't cover the brand.  My Copay for the brand was $1300.00   I could NOT afford that so she reluctantly put me on the generic. It was HORRIBLE. Worst experience of my life. Worst side effects ever. Luckily I came across another Pharmacy and they fill your Wellbutrin brand name for $50 a month. It 's been great! Back on Wellbutrin and feeling amazing!!
This cream is awesome, my daughters arms look beautiful. I used it twice a day for about 3 days and her arms cleared up.
I have been addicted to opiates for over 10 yrs. and I have been through many horrible withdrawals.  After getting my habit over $150 per day I had had enough.  I decided to get on Suboxone.  I was prescribed 8mgs per day and this went on for over a year when my doc suddenly shut his practice down.  I decided this is the time for me to get off.  Well I found myself in the ER and the doc prescribed .1 mg clonidine.  It was a GODSEND!  It helped so much with the chills, sweats, crying, etc.  It does make you very drowsy but it makes the detox tolerable.  I was able to sleep and eat during the detox while on Clonidine.  I used Xanax at night also to help with sleep.  Clonidine helps big time!
For me Aczone worked better than anything else I have tried. I have cystic hormonal breakouts on my chin and jawline. I feel that it works very quickly and helps to prevent new acne from forming with twice daily use. It has no side effects and is non-drying.
I have been taking Ativan for a few days while I wait for Lexapro to kick in. It has been a life saver. It has allowed me to eat and sleep, which has been huge in this fight against anxiety. It really helps mellow me out and take the edge off.
Belviq, by day 7, has already changed my world.  I am already feeling better, less hungry, and motivated to lose my extra 50+ lbs of weight.  You simply MUST give this med a try!!!
I have been suffering with constipation for the better part of ten years. Doc started me on trulance about a week ago and I 've had a bowel movement everyday. I would recommend this drug to anyone.
I got a UTI a month ago. I went to a clinic and they prescribed Macrobid and it did little to nothing for my UTI. I then went to my uni campus clinic and they prescribed the same thing (I didn&rsquo;t know they were the same thing at the time because this time it was the generic version so it had a different name) and again it did nothing. I was so frustrated and in so much pain  so finally I went back for a 3rd time and they prescribed me Bactrim and within a couple hours I already felt SO much better. The bactrim did more in a few hours than the Macrobid did in 2 weeks. I did get mild nausea and some fatigue but that&rsquo;s it. Take it with food and yogurt to prevent this!
I started using Nuvaring a month ago. I 'm normally very dull when it comes to sex since giving birth to my son. Nuvaring changed that. I 'm always wanting sex now, my husband loves it. No breakouts and we don 't feel it during sex and I can just live a regular life. I don 't see any weight gain but I believe it 's too early to know. My only side effect I dislike is the nausea.
I started Harvoni 10 days ago.  Feeling good in the morning and then I fizzle out.  By nightime, 8 p.m. I 'm completely exhausted.  63 years old  but that 's not that old.  Was told by the nurses who called to check on me, DRINK lots of water.   No antacids - if necessary 4 hrs before pill or 4 hrs. after the pill.  Not touching them.  No upset stomach, mild headache but the tiredness is a killer.  Told me to &quot;hang in there&quot; and believe me, I will!!  This has been a blessing.  Didn 't even know I had Hep C and doc told me, you usually don 't until something else goes wrong with you. Stick with it all you people ~ as difficult as it may seem.  Can 't wait for blood test!!!  Even if its undetectable, was told you have to finish the treatment!!
54 years old ..chronic psoriasis for over 49 years. I 've had all the treatments known and then some. This medicine is a God send. It 's the only treatment that 's ever truly worked and I can say I 'm 100%. 
So I got the Paragard inserted today at first I didn 't think to have someone come with me but after reading all of the reviews, I quickly changed my mind. So as a result I brought my mother along with me and I 'm grateful that I did, the actual insertion it self wasn 't bad but the thing that pushes the cervix is breathtakingly pain/uncomfortable and that 's coming from someone who has a very high pain tolerance. After the insertion I had really really bad cramps,I was told that I was in so much pain because I 've never had a child. So beware, if you never gave birth, it will be pretty painful. I couldn 't drive home due to the nausea and vomited a couple of times during the car ride. After the cramping levelled out,everything seems to be good.
Started on Pristiq just over 2 weeks ago. I 'm starting to feel less pain. Still a bit twitchy but definitely feeling better about life in general.
I been on nexplanon going on 3 years in July I can  honesty say this is the worst  birth control ever please don 't make the same mistake I made I suffer mood swings depression long period that last for 2 week maybe more my sex drive was so low,  I had anxiety attacks, bad acne,  yeast infection and weight gain.  This birth control will make u so mean and grumpy the only good thing about this product is you can 't get pregnant unless it is inserted  incorrectly in your arm. Out of all the stuff I have gone through I never gotten pregnant so it does it job. But who want to put up with the horrible side effects? but everybody body different 
I have used Stelara now for 8 months. After years of anguish, defeat, pain( physically and mentally) sadness, I feel freed from this terrible curse. My skin/joints looks but mainly FEELS so much better. My quality of life has sky rocketed! Your initial ground work obtaining Doctor appointments, TB testing and establishing the right dosage that is effective for you and receiving assistance helping with cost. Once you get through those things... I guarantee it IS worth it!! DO IT!
This medicine has been a game changer for me. I stopped stress eating and lost weight, my mood stabilized and I have been incredibly productive and achieved great things on it. It does wonders for my anxiety. I have been on it for a year and could not be happier with the product. It is expensive but WORTH it! Highly recommend.
I have had problems with IBS for several years I was on Amitiza and one of my physicians took  me off it I was off for 5 years started having severe problems with my IBS again my new doctor GI doctor put me back on it and it is a God sent I am back regular again I give this medicine at 10 I have no side effects and I love it thank you
I started taking fentanyl after trying every other opiates available and finally found relief. I 'm on the 25mcg patch. I 'm in the 36 hour right now on the first pass and so far it 's perfect and surprisingly has my pain on a 9 out of 10 taken care of with breakthrough medicines. I felt the patch when I finally slept in for once this morning without having to wake up to the pill schedule. 
Have been taking Trospium for 4 years, visits to the toilet have decreased to 5-6 visits in each 24 hr period. In my case it has not taking the feeling of needing to urinate away entirely but is more bearable and with will power and bladder training it has worked. Sometimes feels like I can 't empty my bladder entirely but though this is frustrating it is not as bad as having to use the bathroom every hour or so
it was great but i got shingles from it,but hope to start it up again i see my doctor tomorrow,it saved me from deep depression
I had abdominal surgery and Percocet was my best friend for almost 2 weeks.  I switched to 800 mg ibuprofen to ensure that I did not develop addiction to the percocet.
Have been taking Dexedrine spansules (10 mg) for over 2 years,three times per day.I never knew i had rank ADHD all my life,problems with school,the law,i am 47,and have noticed my ambition for life has increased,having more energy,i used to be tired alot,complaining,generally overall agitated at the same time,as well i have many comorbidies to deal with,but fortunately,don 't have to take any anxiety meds. Dexedrine is all i know,and i am satisfied with the results.
I 've been using Loryna for about 4 years and it has done wonders for my acne. I used to have cystic acne all over my face and I haven 't have cystic acne in several months. I think I only had one flare up over the past year and a half. I was planned to go on Accutane, so glad I didn 't. Haven 't gotten pregnant either. Win win!
I was at a convention in Palm Springs when I was diagnosed with atrial fibrillation.  Could not breathe, excruciating pain, scared to death.  When I got to the ER my heart was beating at 180 beats per minute.  The doctors told me the only thing that probably saved me from having a stroke was that I was already on Coumadin as I have a genetic blood disorder, factor 5 Leiden which means I will be on Coumadin for the rest of my life.  My doctors are so cautious that they actually had a bird 's nest inserted into my vena cava just in case a clot were to ever break lose.  I have never had problems in the 6 years I have been on Coumadin.  My INR is always at 2.5 which is considered perfect since my target range is between 2.0 and 3.0.
I take it in the morning and with the help of my Dr. my numbers have been stable.
I used this cream a long time ago and was very happy. It 's pretty expensive, costs me about $150. My Pharmacy was able to get me a voucher. I stopped using because it was so expensive and started using other hair removal products. I 'm fair skinned and the OTC products burned my face so bad. I eventually went back to the Vaniqa. A tube usually lasts me for 3  months so I figured the cost was reasonable compared to other products I used. I have read some bad reviews so I guess everyone is different. I start Vaniqa daily but just once a day in the evening before bed. I apply pretty much on my entire lower face and neck area. I 'm really hairy and although they are blonde it looks terrible. I love this product really works for me.
This medication knocked me out every night and so it was great to catch up on years of sleep debt.  Overall, a very positive experience.  However, like other users, I slowly gained 10-20 pounds over the course of taking doxepin. I stopped taking it in the last couple of months, and suddenly, my appetite significantly decreased and weight just started dropping off. I had no idea that the medication caused this increased appetite/weight gain. Honestly I thought I was just growing older and my metabolism was changing. I 'm glad I took this medication for insomnia, and also that the side effect of weight gain faded away as soon as I stopped taking it. Overall, the value of the sleep I gained far outweighed the con of the weight I gained.
I have been completely amazed at how fast and how completely Mobic took my pain away.  I am now able to resume activities I had had to stop before taking it.
I 've ALWAYS had irregular periods, ever since I started. I was sent to the ER twice for severe anemia and heavy bleeding. That lead me to have in total of 10 blood transfusions. It was a complete nightmare and I couldn 't allow that to happen anymore. So the doctors put me on Necon 1/50. This is my first time ever being on birth control, I was scared...reading about terrible stories and all the side effects. I was very hesitant but, I did it and I 'm so glad I did!! I 'm currently on week 3 and have NO SIDE EFFECTS!! Well, the classic PMS but nothing severe. Waiting on period week to make a full assessment, but so far so good. Will continue this pack and plan on lowering the dose next month.
Give it a full 3 months!!! I had severe hormonal acne + pustules all over my face, specifically on my cheeks and jawline, when I got prescribed yaz. The first month was absolutely terrible and I broke out all over my forehead, back and chest... I was literally scared to leave the house. In the second month, it was just as bad but new pimples weren 't surfacing as often. Month 3: I had small pimples on my face and everywhere else had cleared up, but it wasn 't till the end of my 3rd pack that my face cleared up completely. I 'm now in the middle of month 4 and my face is completely clear!!!! I can go out in public without makeup and finally feel confident! Also, I have experienced no side effects except bigger boobs lol
I 'm 22 years old and have had depression for 9 years. I 've tried Celexa, Paxil, Zoloft, and Xanax, but nothing has helped me better than Cymbalta. The first time I took it I threw up, and had no appetite for about 4 days. But the second day of taking it, I could tell it was working. I could focus more, I could smile more, I could go out in public and not panic. And T.V shows that I 'd seen before and didn 't think was funny, I now watched and laughed at! Cymbalta has completely changed my life. I 've been taking 60mg a day for 2 weeks now and I can 't remember ever being this happy and hopeful. It 's very expensive if you don 't have insurance, but there are organizations out there that will help you out with your prescriptions.
So this is my second week in contrave take one tablet twice daily. When I started this drug I was 170 pounds. I weighed my self this morning and I was at 167. So about 3 pounds this first week. Thankfully I have not experienced insomnia yet but I have been nauseous. I can only eat once a day and if I eat more than that I end up puking it back up so there isn 't a point in me trying to eat more than that. I 'm hoping that I am able to start exercising soon because I have not been able to do so due to a torn tendon in my ankle.
This medication worked immediately lowering my Blood Glucose. I was only on it for about 1 week (free samples from Physician). Then the Pharmacy called and said my Excellent insurance doesn 't cover it. Out of pocket cost $430/ 30 day supply - No Can Do ! Switched to Invocana instead. Farxiga apparently works with no side effects (I 'm a guy), but no insurance coverage for drug.
Since my last post I have continued to have all the amazing benefits of Cialis 5mg without any side effects at all. I have now tried taking the medicine daily, every second day, with no loss of potency, and my own routine of Day 1 am, Day 2 pm, Day 3 skip, Day 4 as Day 1 etc.  If I take daily as prescribed I have noticed that the very best time of day to take it is lunchtime, so the very hardest erections occur at evening and morning bedtimes.  Yes it 's expensive but I am very happy with it and will continue taking it. Absolutely Transformational!
Works great on my back spasm and you can really tell when they start to wear off.
I have bursitis in both hips that developed prior to back surgery. The pain is bearable during the day, but at night, I wake up with pain because I 'm a side sleeper.  I started using Salonpas gel and, I have been able to sleep through the night without waking.  I get cortizone injections when needed, but when I can 't get an appointment quick enough, this is fantastic!  And for roughly $8.00 at Walmart... you can 't beat it!
I had an abscess on my upper gum resulting from terrible dentist work. I had also been prescribed amoxicillin 500mg, however after a week of taking amoxicillin the pain/swelling did not go away it got noticeably worse. However after taking my first full dose of Keflex swelling reduced and gradually faded out by the time my dosage was complete. Would highly recommend Keflex.
I have taken amitriptyline for 3 months for IBS. I take 20mg at night and 10mg in morning. I cannot believe how well I feel. I put a little weight on but can now make arrangements to go out and not have to cancel due to the IBS.
This has been the only drug I have been prescribed that has actually helped with my migraines. I have been on it for a couple of years now and it is not as effective for me as it once was and the side effects sometimes make me feel off for the rest of the day, but I have always thought that the side effects were better then the pain of the migraine. It is the only one that that has worked for me so my go to drug.
I 've been bipolar for 20 years. I 'm a scientist, when I 'm working. Lithium has always been helpful but is not so great for depression though it does help if you take it a while. I finally started lamotrigine about a month ago. Lots of friends and professionals I know and trust said I should. I was skeptical since drugs tend to be bad news. After just a month (I titrated up quickly, so I 've been on 100 for 2 weeks. probably best not do that there 's a fatal skin disease you can get) my low level depression feels better. I 'd say it 's genuinely beneficial for bipolar depression. A little dizziness but not so bad, and it fades. My friends say there 's no evidence that more than 100mg or 150 helps, but it could increase side effects. 100 is good
I drank the prep down in 4 gulps followed immediately by 2 16oz glasses of water.  The water helped clear the taste away.  The taste is sickly sweet with a strong bitter after taste - but not even close to making me gag or anything.  It took 1.5 hours before my first trip to the bathroom.  After that I went about 4-5 more times.  Next morning I took the second dose.  This time it kicked in quicker - about 45 mins.  Colonoscopy itself was no big deal because you 're anethestized and don 't remember or feel anything when it 's done.  My colon was clean.   I had the colonoscopy because I turned 50 and last year a good friend was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer - he 's in remission but took a real beating with the surgery &amp; chemo.
This medicine has changed my life. I 'm a nurse with primary Sjogren 's Syndrome. It took 10 years for a diagnosis and another 10 years for a rheumatologist to prescribe Plaquenil. I have never felt so good.  Minimal joint point, lots of energy, able to sleep at night, what could be better!  I was able to complete an eye exam for the first time in 9 years.  I 'm enjoying life pain free and with energy!
I have been taking tramadol 50mg, and 300mg ER for approximately three years for extreme RLS.  I am at the maximum daily dose of 400mg. Over the past several months, I have been experiencing some daytime, and nighttime symptoms of RLS.  I have had the symptoms of RLS for approximately 40 years.  Both parents had RLS although neither were ever officially diagnosed.  I have been medicated for my RLS symptoms for approximately 20 years.  I have been prescribed everything imaginable during that timeframe, and always end up with the same results of augmentation.  I am so sick of this!  There is no quality of life when your symptoms begin to augment.  You can 't ride in a car, plane, train, or do anything that confines your movement!
My muscle spasms in my spine were caused by injury.  They have gotten worse with age.  BUT, I had Doctors who listened.  I cannot take &quot;pain&quot; pills or even NSAIDS.  And because of the injury to my head, aspirin in large doses.  Valium was prescribed by three Neurologists-but in low doses.  The reviews I have read that are negative to Valium have the patients taking doses WAAAY to high.  They are creating zombies.  I take 6 Mg. a DAY--and it works and I have live with this spine pain--on a cane--for many years.  They cannot &quot;cure&quot; it, but Valium has made it possible for me to stay out of a wheelchair.   The Doctors who overprescribe are CREATING a problem for the patient.  It is a very effective medication, cheap and very mild side effects.
Been taking 20mg per day of Lexapro for 15 months now. Was diagnosed with anxiety and slight depression. Would have panic attacks and hyperventilate. Took about 4 weeks to see full effect. Was given Klonopin as needed until Lexapro kicked in. It has made me feel so much better. I have not had a panic attack in a year. I can actually get out of bed in the morning now. At first it would make me very tired when I took it but that stopped after a few months. It made a huge difference in my life. Did not really have any side effects. A little weight gain but I would rather have that then have panic attacks.
I have been on Cymbalta 30mg for just under 2 weeks. After the first 3 days I started feeling a lot better. It was slightly scary actually to go from feeling like your world is imploding to feeling like you want to smell and see every flower on the planet. It happened so fast. Yes there were a lot of initial side effects from getting used to the medicine. I had the shakes, weird slowing down, odd feelings, nausea, etc. but I am doing very well on it. I went on diet again having gained 25kg from being in Lexapro and Seroquel for over a 18 months. But I now have a low dose of Seroquel every night and Cymbalta every morning and I am back to feeling great. 
This birth control is probably the best one. It 's the first one I tried and I love it. No side effects AT ALL. I am exactly the same as when I was not on it. I have now been on it for 2 months and it has been perfect. Definitely recommend it!
I 'm 39 years old height is 5 &quot;4&quot;  and I have been on Adipex for a month now and this medicine works. Before I weighed 19lbs and now I 'm down to 181lbs. I haven 't started going to the gym yet. I just watch what I eat. I take half of the tablet everyday around 10:30am. Yes I experience dry mouth but that helps in drinking lots of water. I had jitters the first week and that is gone now. It didn 't bother me at all because I have a set goal. I just joined the gym and will be starting next week. I will update you after a week in the gym...Good Luck to all.
Piece of cake. Took first bottle at 6pm. Chugged it. Very slight gag reflex but kept it together.  I have paid more, in a bar, for stuff that tastes far worse.  Gurgling started 15 minutes later. Bathroom after half hour. Mostly done in 2 hours. Felt slightly feverish and had slight headache. No problems going to bed. Set alarm for 3am for second dose. Over slept. Took second dose at 4am. TIP:  have a water chaser. Second dose was much easier. Flow much less. Pretty much done by 6:30. The procedure was a piece of cake. I rolled over, they gave me meds and I awoke 30 mins later.  Doctor said great results. Next one in 10 years. An hour later I was enjoying corned beef hash, two eggs over easy and toast.
3 colonoscopy -this prep was actually a very good experience. The only reason I did not give it a 10 was that the prep is nasty-tasting, but not horrific.First dose worked in less than 30 min and after about 4 trips to toilet I was done. Chills but no cramps. That cleaned me out so second dose at 5 am was easier. Hydrated (gatorade) and low fiber diet the week before helped,
I started this on June 7th, was supposed to start a few days earlier, but after reading so many reviews, I was scared of the side effects.  I am woman, 5 '5 weighed in at 195.5.  I go for my first 1 month weigh I 'm down 7.5 lbs and experienced no side effects.  I had been on phentermine before although it comes off faster, I had terrible side effects from that drug. Belviq XR has suppressed my appetite.  I won 't lie it doesn 't take away your hunger, you have to eat sensibly.  I found for me I only take 1 pill a day, so I started taking it at 11:00 a.m. but my night I was really hungry.  The last week and half I started taking after lunch around 1:00.  Takes away my cravings for carbs and sweets and not as hungry for dinner.
I am 21 years old was placed on this medicine for having high blood pressure and it being an estrogen free birth control. I was terrified or weight gain, spotting, and mood swings, all of which this shot is rumored to do. I have experience absolutely no bleeding since my first shot, got the second shot today and no weight gain (I do exercise daily). I have been somewhat emotional around the time of my normal period, but no more then usual. Overall I love the shot and having no period is a plus all around!
I 've been taking Mononessa for about 4 years now. I have never once had a bad experience or side effect from it. Off of the pill, my periods were 9-11 days, came every 1-3 months, extremely heavy and with terrible cramps, to the point that I would miss class/work due to vomiting from the pain. Now, my periods last 3-4 days, I only use light tampons, I have very little cramping, have not gained a pound, and I 've never had a pregnancy scare since starting it. I 've even missed a pill here and there, and I have experienced no spotting or anything abnormal. My period is like clockwork - even down to the time of day it comes. 11 stars from me!!
I had been experiencing undiagnosed hypothyroidism symptoms for long time without really knowing what was going on: extreme fatigue, brain fogginess,mood swings, cold. I had been having my thyroid tested for years due to my mother having had a tumor and removal of hers and yet the dr 's all kept telling me the levels were fine. I went to an Integrative Dr and he prescribed for me. I 've gradually worked up to taking 45 mg a day. 60mg was too much, headache, very painful and hardened breasts, really bad PMS type symptoms and the bloating! My biggest issue is also the puffiness and inability to lose weight! Protein shakes, cardio exercise and strength training and nothing helps. It 's so frustrating!
This medication has helped my back pain a great deal
This is the first birth control I 've taken and it 's been a over a year by now. My experience has been pretty good especially compared to a lot of the other reviews.The first thing I noticed is that my periods are now way lighter. They usually last about 5-7 days when they previously lasted about  4-5 but that 's not really a problem at all since it 's mostly spotting here and there when I used to have a really heavy flow and painful cramps. My acne went away completely. No weight gain. The only cons I can think of is breast tenderness and my hair has a gotten a little thinner and greasier but you 're advised to take vitamins with bc so I think that 's why.
Gabapentin alleviated my intense anxiety I was suffering 24/7 from peri-menopause. Before being prescribed Gabapentin, I was an emotional wreck.  It has also stabilized my moods.
I haven 't had an asthma attack since I started using Asmanex Twisthaler--nor have I had to use my Proventil for a flare-up.  I am taking this medication instead of Advair or Singular because I have osteopenia.  Asmanex does not deplete bone density as do some of the other medications for asthma.
Wow, Flomax made my stone pass with one dose after 3 months of pain, worry, CAT scans, and the urologist thinking it was prostatitis. Wish they gave it to me in the ER in August! Stone was 8mm x 5mm, and got stuck in three places on the way down. Thank you Flomax!
I went from an occasional social smoker to going through a pack a day. I smoked a pack per day for at least 3 years and realized I couldn 't afford it anymore in terms of my wallet and health. I tried several times but I couldn 't make it through the second day. So, I decided to take Chantix. My doctor informed me that because of my age, I wouldn 't necessarily HAVE to complete the 12 week program. I could smoke the first week and prepare myself for the quit date. By the end of that week, my stomach couldn 't bare it anymore. I didn 't WANT one. I would have the random urges up to 2 weeks later. I did not experience the depression or wild dreams. Chantix does not quit for you but serves more as a valuable tool for the process.
Sumatriptan has changed my life. A migraine used to leave me down for the count for hours. Now within about 30 minutes, my migraines are completely gone. I have not experienced any side effects.
I have ben taking Aptiom 800mg once daily for 2 months. So far I experience headaches and dizziness but I know it 's the medicine so I live with it for now hoping that will all go away. I also take Vimpat 150mg twice daily with other problems that may or may not be associated with that medicine. Aptiom is great so far. It controls my Grand Mal seizures better than anything has in 35 years. My family tells me I have turned into Mr. Nice Guy over night. I 'm having a good experience so far.
I have urticaria for more then 6 years. Finally I got this pill Allegra 180mg, finally works. I took about a week and my hives are really gone, and now I 'm finally happy and I don 't feel any side effects at all. 
I have suffered from migraines since I was a kid. I 'm 49 now. In my mid 30s I started taking imitrex and it completely derailed me. I then started trying a bunch of preventative drugs, beta blocker, calcium blockers and ssri drugs. Finally found one that works fairly well, but along with that I use maxalt as a rescue drug which I still take 6+ times a month. It 's a good drug and is effective. I have always noticed the migraines redoubles its efforts before leaving after I take it. I also notice it makes me very sleepy and foggy. I don 't like to take it at work because of that. 9 times out of 10 it works, but there are still times it does nothing for me. Some is better than none in my world though. I take a generic due to cost.
I 've have no problems with Liletta at all, it stopped my period immediately, I 've gained no weight, and have had no pregnancies! However, I am speaking for myself and know that every body is different-- so make sure you talk to your doctor for what is best for YOU. This is just my personal experience.
Any drug can get a bad wrap because of some people abusing it. A lot of doctors don 't even like prescribing Xanax because they don 't want their patients getting &quot;hooked&quot;. For me, I suffer from occasional anxiety attacks, and my prescription is &quot;as needed&quot;. Anxiety attacks can be VERY scary. There were a few times I literally thought I was gonna die, it was that bad. I even went to the ER once because I believed I was having a heart attack. They are different for different people. I use to smoke and drink a lot of coffee, so I think that 's what screwed up my body chemistry. I don 't drink caffeine or smoke anymore. All I know is that now that I have my Alprazolam (Xanax) in my pocket, I 'm not as scared to go places. I can live my life again.
I 'm just entering my 3rd week of using Chantix.  It has definitely decreased the craving for cigarettes.  However, I find myself having to continue to smoke.  I don 't smoke as much or even smoke much of the cigarette.  I do experience great vivid dreams, not nightmares, the nausea which I have found that wintergreen life savers seem to help settle my stomach, and I 'm tired a lot but until reading these other experiences didn 't know it was connected.  I am currently taking antidepressants medicines and my doctor watches my behavior everyday, since I work in the clinic, and I 'm very aware of my moods.  I get irritable at times but so far no real depression so hopefully the Celexa I 'm on is helping that.I would recommend it to anyone!
I 've personally had a great experience on Gianvi so far. I 'm on my third month and I 've actually been able to lose weight for the first time in so long! I do work out too, but I did before and was at a stand still. I am a bit scared though cause I may switch to Yaz, as for some reason it 's way cheaper on my insurance over this generic. Really though, it 's been great!
I have to respond to &quot;diditwrong?&quot; - Oh dear, you absolutely MUST drink the water!  the way these preps work is to draw the water from your system to your colon and this flushes everything out.  I use suprep every year since my treatment for colon cancer back in 2010. Still gone, gone gone! :)  Anyway, I find this the easiest of preps!!  Since I am a little woman, drinking the usual huge jug was way too much liquid for me to handle!  A 16oz glass of the prep, followed by another 2 16oz glasses of JUST water :)  That 's so much simpler than a gallon of the yucky stuff.  Here is my advice:  Make you appointment for the LATE morning! That way you won 't have to get up in the middle of the night to do the last dose.
This medicine is awesome. No side effects and completely effective for my depression symptoms. I have tried most other medicines and this medicine is great!
I was finally diagnosed with clinical depression and anxiety last week. I have been suffering since childhood, but only recently obtained help. The doctors prescribed me Celexa. I 've been on it for a few days now and I feel a noticeable difference. I wonder if that 's even possible; I 've read everywhere that it takes several weeks to notice some changes. Placebo effect maybe? Anyways, I appreciate having a more positive outlook on life and I even found the side effect (lightheadedness) a tad pleasant.
I have fibromyalgia, have fractured my back and had fusion surgery in the cervical area of my back. I had taken soma for close to 35 years as it was the only muscle relaxant that worked and I could tolerate. I moved from La. to Tx 4 years ago and had to start using a new pain management dr.  I have no problem with the dr. However in Tx no dr will prescribe soma. Now I have daily muscle spasms increasing the overall amount of pain I have.  I have developed severe tailbone pain which  makes it very difficult to work. It upsets that I had to go from controlled symptoms to totally uncontrolled. I take pain meds but that does not help when you have muscle spasms as I do.only dulls the pain. So my quality of life is horrible and it is not right ï¿½
Works great, better than all the others.  
I 'm allergic to codeine and can 't take NSAID so for daily management of my arthritis and other pains I take Tramadol 50 mg usually 3 sometimes 4/day. I 've been taking it for 2 years now, when I forget I feel horrible. I take tylenol in addition to that. It allows me to move around and get things done.
I started this pill June 2014, and have had only a positive experience. No weight gain, no acne, and no pregnancies! I use to get bad back pain and cramps however after starting the pill, they are gone and my period only lasts 3-4 days. I do get emotional right before my periods do but nothing to extreme. I would recommend to a friend, as I know friends who have also had a positive experience.
I have had IBS-D most of my life. Until Imodium came along, I had to stay home... I use the Imodium Multi-Symptom more often than the Imodium AD for one specific reason - the ease of accessing the pill. The packaging for the AD is absolutely, beyond a doubt one of the dumbest every conceived! Definitely not something you can have handy in your purse or wallet. You 'd never be able to get to it in an emergency. You have to use scissors to cut the tiny pill out! But, with the Imodium Multi-Symptom, you simply bend the corner at the perforation, pull the paper back and access the pill. It is a larger pill so for people who have difficult swallowing, you may want to buy a small bottle of Imodium - no individual packages to mess with.
Diagnosed with Atrial fibrillation a little over two years ago.  Started Ryhthmol after taking thinners in preparation for Cardioreversion. Heart went back to normal rhythm just before I was to be shocked.  Had infrequent short periods of Atrial fibrillation reoccuring. Doctor prescribed another anti-arrhythmics but I felt as though tennis ball was bouncing inside my chest.  Went back to Rythmol 325 Sr and atenolol, both twice a day.  I have stayed in rhythm for about a year,  I have found that coffe and some Iced teas cause me to go out.
I have been on the meds for a week I have success so far and no side effects accept for a little dry mouth which is good because it gets you to drink more water. It has suppressed my appetite to help me limit my portion control.
Used for 6 years so far.
Got skyla put in a month ago, 25 yrs old no kids. My doctor said it would hurt getting put in, which it did! After the appointment I almost passed out and started vomiting from the pain. Really bad cramps after procedure for about an hour and my pulse was considerably lower than normal. Next morning just mild cramps. Would definitely recommend having Someone drive you home from appointment. Had a normal period but hardly any cramps. No weight gain, no mood swings, no sudden acne so so far so good. I did spot periodically after placement until my period started.
Works great, the only issue was that after 4 days I could not drink enough, lost 8 pounds in 2 weeks, checked my blood sugar and it was well over 300.  I was not a diabetic and haven 't been diagnosed as one yet.  Went to Doctor to have things checked out and we 're watching things closely, still not on medication for diabetes, but blood sugar has dropped to normal range 4 weeks after stopping this medication. Nurse at Dermatologist office stated that it 's just me, it 's not the medication.  My blood sugar now varies from 86 to 113 for the most part.
Lexapro has helped me so much.  It 's great!  This is coming from a person who has tried nearly every treatment available for relief of my fibromyalgia.
I took this Pill in September after a condom slipped. I got my period on time. I then had to take it two times in October after two mishaps. I bled the week after I took the pills. I never got my period on my exact due date. I got it at the end of November. So girls if your worried you might not get it you will. Just take it on time and right away. I am now going to to get put on the Pill and make sure I have a condom when I have sex. It was a lot of money but worth it. You don 't know how happy I was to see my period.
Well it 's kept me alive for 13 years with the combination of crixivan. I 've haven 't had many side effects and it 's kept my t cells at over 1000 and undetectable. Thank you for this wonderful drug.
Haven 't had one asthma attack since I 've been on this medication and usually I get really bad attacks.
I 've been on this birth control for almost two months now, and it 's been perfect! I started taking Mononessa in October, and it caused me to bleed for about sixty days straight - no good. I also noticed that my emotions were way out of whack, I was basically a trainwreck. When I switched over to Microgestin, not only did I stop bleeding within a week, but I feel more mentally balanced, too. I haven 't experienced any side effects. I 'm very happy with it, and plan to continue using it.
I have never heard of this medication being used for anything but nausea and vomiting but it helps me I have GERD, acid re-flux all the time and some foods make me sick to my stomach if it gets too bad I will take half a 25 mg tablet if that does not work I take the other half it states on script not to take more than one every 8 hours so taking two at one time would literally be overdosing my medication and not using it as prescribed I do not recommend doing that with this medication it knocks me out with just one half of a dose anything over what is prescribed is abusing the prescription. As far as knocking me out I actually want to sleep when I am nauseated so I am glad it knocks me out so I do not get sick to my stomach any more
I was experiencing mild acne on my face. The doctor prescribed me Duac gel and it 's completely cleared up my skin.
I have been on Seroquel for several years and it has helped greatly with my symptoms. I have run out of it a few times and could really tell the difference. Other then a few adjustments to my dosage, Seroquel has been great.
I have been on 400mg Gleevec for a little over a year. The side effects were hard the first couple months, but now I feel great and my the side effects are only rare digestive issues and headaches. My blood cell counts have been at, or close to normal for the last year, and my last bone marrow biopsy reviled that my cells containing the Philadelphia chromazone had gone from 1 in 2 to 1 in 50. They have also found out I have fibrosis of my bone marrow and are unsure if it 's caused by the medication or the CML.
Me again! I am now completing my second week of Victoza. My blood sugars are down around 102 after being at 200-250 most of the time! Amazing! I have had some nausea side effects though. I can barely eat, it 's work to put anything into my mouth and I am a huge foodie. Love to think about, look at and eat food but I just can 't do it. It 's really weird. I have lost 4 pounds from when I started this medicine and I can tell I will lose more because it is a struggle to eat. There have been 2 days that I have had to go home from work, though. Those 2 days all I could do was sleep and I just felt miserable. Yesterday was one of those days and I had a horrible headache that wouldn 't go away with Advil. I 'll report again in a few weeks!
I took the Phentermine on August 25, 2016 and I went to see my doctor on Sept 7, 2016. It 's 2 weeks after i took the drug and I lost 11 pounds in 2 weeks. I was 250.47 lbs and went to 239.15 lbs. I 'm very happy with the results. I eat healthier and exercise for 35 minutes following the Chris Powell stage 3 workouts in youtube every day. And I will keep on going until I reach my goal to be 150 lbs.
I usually cannot handle break-ups and become severely depressed, often crying myself to sleep. I was prescribed this medication for anxiety, which just so happened to be a few days before I was broken up with. Because of this medication, I was able to continue with my life almost unaffected. In fact, I had a more positive outlook, knowing I was worth more than my depression had previously led me to believe. This medication has saved me from an immense amount of emotional suffering.
I am 6 weeks pregnant and ended up with my first UTI. I was prescribed Macrobid because I am very allergic to Sulfa antibiotics, which landed me in a hospital a few years back. Upon reading the reviews I was so incredibly terrified to take this medication, but I had no choice. I 'll consider myself lucky, but so far I have found that Macrobid is actually quite tolerable. I 've been a bit more tired and achy than usual and had some mild nausea, but nothing too severe. I have found that taking with a full meal is critical and drinking TONS of fluid (water/Gatorade) helps with side effects. But for me this is really a reminder to take reviews with a grain of salt - you really have no idea how your body will react until you try it yourself.
Within 24hrs pain and swelling decreased significantly from 10 to 3 on pain scale. My only side effect was diarrhea.
I did the study for this drug all 3 phases and have been on it since 2015 and never dreamed it would actually work. Works amazing I had to stop for the transition once the FDA approved this and omg I wake up all hours of the night itching I get hot and itch. I am finally taking it again I can 't imagine my life without this stuff
I smoked 39 - 40 years and with the help I 've not smoked a cigarette in over 6 years
taken Sertraline (Zoloft) for 25 years 100mg/day - 15 years ago decided to wean off which I did slowly for three month. The 2 months I was totally off before could be seen by psychiatrist were absolutely miserable. Took longer to get back to feeling good the second time.  It is inexpensive and covered by small deductible with insurance. One  significant negative: because of the initial very &quot;high&quot; I got from it for about two weeks, my psychiatrist put me on 1mg Lorazepam (Ativan) as a sleeping aid - unfortunately Ativan dependency common and I have bad dreams and sleepless nights without it! - Ativan highly regulated drug but fortunately also cheap/covered by insurance - so Zoloft plus Ativan excellent combo for me for rest of my life - feel great!
Awesome stuff
wow! dulcolax is amazing! i hadn 't had a bowel movement in 1 week. i had a huge impacted stool just lodged in my anus. it was so hard that it felt like a stabbing pain. i took one tablet of dulcolax (5mg) in the morning around 9am with lots of water and by 10:30 am, I went to the toilet to try again and the stool had softened up and came out easily. i had one more soft bowel movement in the evening before i felt completely cleared out. no abdominal pain, no side effects i see on here.
I 'm so grateful for getting control of my life after 13 years maybe more of opiate abuse!  Only 2 days no urge whatsoever.
Stelara completely cleared 90% BSA, including severe palmar plantar pustular psoriasis within 52 days of initiating treatment. Side effects included extreme fatigue lasting approximately 72 hours after each application. Feeling &quot;sunburned&quot; was noted for several days after initial fatigue.
I started taking it after my weight got up to 303 pounds. I 'm 6 '4&quot; and have put on about 50 pounds over the past 10 years. I have taken it for two months and am down to 287 pounds. It took about two weeks to notice a difference in appetite but once it kicked in it really kicked in. The only side effect is ocassionally feeling nauseous but it doesn 't bother me.
Beyaz was the third birth control pill I had tried. I was previously on Loestrin 24 (made me a raving lunatic), then on Lo Loestrin 10 (gave me no period at all, which made me uncomfortable and more susceptible to vaginal infections). I was skeptical about starting a new pill, but this one is wonderful! The only side effects I have are tender and enlarged breasts. I highly recommend it!
This drug saved my life. I had General Anxiety Disorder(GAD) and i get a few panic attacks, and this has been the most helpful thing for it.
I am a 24 year old female diagnosed in my 20 's with adult ADHD. I spent my entire childhood unable to focus on tasks, finish anything I started, behave and sit still in the classrooms. I scraped by barely with C 's and D 's in grade school. Eventually focusing became so hard to do with people around that I had my parents homeschool me. Fast forward to now, I am currently in my first semester of college, and I have a 4.0 GPA. This medicine works wonders. I normally cannot function at all. I am disorganized, and always have racing thoughts. On ProCentra I am calm, focused, and organized. I finish tasks, and manage my time better. I take 10mg. a day, oral solution. This medication is also covered on my insurance, with only a $10 co-pay. Love it!
So far this is the best birth control I 've ever taken and I 've tried A LOT! I just finished the first pack and had barely any spotting. Actually super light spotting started last Sunday. My breast did kind of get fuller though. A little tenderness but not nearly as much as I had predicted. I sometimes feel nauseous but it goes away shortly after. I have noticed I 'm a bit more tired but other than that there aren 't really any side effects. I would advise you to take the pill at the exact same time and take it in the evening. This will minimize the side effects. Hope this helps.
It tasted like a nice aged sharp cheddar
I have tried to get Valium prescribed by the Everett clinic for anxiety and sleep. I found it very helpful for anxiety and it made me feel normal. I was able to think straight and act normal. 
Within 2 days my bacterial vaginitis completely cleared up. I don 't take antibiotics or any sort of medicine often and this is why, no appetite and some other side effects but would rather take that over bacterial vaginitis!
Was good for not getting pregnant , but made me feel sick I 'm using it for a month now and skin is dark and dirty looking body pains feel tired just sick overall
All I can say is don 't give up - the dosage might not be right! I was on this for 2 months at 100mgs for 2 months  without any visible difference.  The doctor suggested I double the dose which I resisted doing, but when I did I felt better almost immediately and have been fine for 8 months now despite a challenging few months. The dosage makes all the difference. Some people are better on low doses, other, like me, do better on a high dose.
Works great.
Unfortunately, I 've had to use this three times with my boyfriend. Either the condom breaks or it comes off without us realizing it. I 'm on birth control, and we always use a condom. However, the potential for a pregnancy still scares the heck out of both of us, and so recently, we 've decided to try the pull-out method bit with the condom on still. Yes, you 'll naturally feel nervous, waiting for your period to come but trust me, it will. It 's arrived every time. I haven 't experienced any cramps or negative side effects, but every person is different. But it works and thank goodness.
Lunesta is helpful because it promotes a gentle rest state. I had changed from Ambian,which at times caused me to be cranky and jumpy.Lunesta will take some time in the evening to work,but I found some good sleep with this. Make sure you are monitored by your MD,Keep meds away from children and pets.If Lunesta is used responsibly it can be a good med for bad insomnia
I have struggled with acne in my adult life for about a year now. It wasn 't that bad, then significantly got worse over the past 6 months. I had huge cyst like pimples and some small ones around my chin mostly and my cheeks started getting bad as well. I tried every single product out there. I finally went to the dermatologist. Since I got pregnant a few months ago, my acne got even worse. The dermatologist told me all she could give me was Finacea. It 's azelaic acid. Literally after 2 days, my pimples started to go down and the number of them started decreasing. It stings a bit and itches but it 's a small price to pay.. This is a God send and I 'm so happy I found it!
Valtrex works. Around Christmas I got a cold sore and didn 't have any on hand and wasn 't able to get any - and that cold sore was the worst I 've had in ages. It lasted a good 10 days and was huge. I 've always taken Valtrex as soon as I feel one coming on, and it has always knocked it out almost immediately. It stops it in its tracks and the healing begins. The difference between using Valtrex and not using it, in my experience, is night and day. I highly recommend always having it on hand. 2 grams for the first dose, then 2 grams 12 hours later has always worked for me.
I finally decided to deal with my inability to focus and concentrate on important daily activities. Although never medically diagnosed with any disorder I would describe myself as having ADD and it 's led to not being able to stick with anything for extended  because I would get bored, or easily distracted by other opportunities, or simply unable to complete anything fully. So you can imagine how all this would impact relationships, work, and just life in general.  So far, it 's been great. I now feel motivated to complete activities. I am more focused and able to suppress distractions and prioritize better. I think it 's a good medication. May not work for all as I imagine each person is different. But it 's definitely working for me.
I have been on Efferor XR for years to treat depression. I was on Premarin for a couple years following a hysterectomy but due to my family history and the stroke risks related to taking Premarin, I discontinued that medicine - only to experience hot flashes.  They weren 't half as bad as I expected until I had a few days lapse in taking my Effexor!  The frequency and intensity of my hot flashes increased extensively.  I was having the flashes anywhere from 30 to 60 minutes apart and they were ten times worse!  I had little sleep and even less patience!  Some may call it a coincidence, but I 'm certainly going to pick up my Effexor on time from this day forward!
In a case of emergency, I would take Xanax during the day. But, I usually take it at night to go to bed and to stop the anxiety and panic attacks. It makes me feel so sleepy, I don 't know how anyone can take it during the day. I felt high as a kite. It works, that 's for sure.
June 23, Dr. prescribed 20 mg. of Celexa for social anxiety at work. I was running out of options. Thought I was going to have to stop working after 20 yrs. with the same company. My 15 year teen felt sorry for us. Tried Zoloft at first,made me very tired, more like a (zombie).  The Celexa 20 mg. first dose, made me feel wired, scared, paranoid, more anxiety, I could not leave the house. A coworker who have very good success with Celexa recommended me to start with 1/4 mg. of a 10 mg. tablet and increase it when my body and mind  work it out.....and it did!  About every 5 days, However, the FIRST AND SECOND week I took off work and watch t.v. and went walking.  Now I am at 10 mg. in 1 month. Social Anxiety gone,plan to increase to 15 mg.
I was addicted to pain killers of all and any kind for 6 years to the point where I tried heroin. Then I met a life-saving Doctor who told me about Suboxone and I was put on that medication and I have been clean for 3 MONTHS. I feel good about my life now and it 's like all my troubles are gone. I am 21 yrs old and I graduated high school and now am applying for college! I wanted to give a special thanks to the Suboxone program people. Once again thanks.
It helps calm me down instantly. When I feel like I can breath and that I am drowning in anxiety it truly helps!
I had 656 cholesterol triglycerides 1600..Off the chart could not calculate other # 's from it being so high.I was on lipitor, crestor, and none worked very well and i had Old man syndrome, sore tired.I was put on 2mg livalo in 3 months  My triglycerides . are 77. total cholesterol 203..a great ratio of good to bad..liver function excellent..No side effects. I was 194  now 175  mild bp 130 over 82 PR of 80  I am happy so far  Oh I am a healthy active 62 yearold
I have tried so many medicines like Zoloft, Bupropion, Venafaxaline, etc. I talked to my doctor and he decided to put me on Viibryd as a last resort before turning me over to a Psychiatrist. He said 80% of his patients had a positive result from taking Viibryd. Only 20% didn 't. I have only been on Viibryd for a total of 2 days (counting today) and my mood, irritability, stress, self motivation and self confidence have felt miraculously better. So much so that my husband told me yesterday (1st day of 10mg pink pill) that it was good to have me back for a day. I notice I am not as stressed when stressful situations arise. Yes, I have had side effects, nausea, diarrhea, but I feel overall better.
I have struggled with opiate addiction for 6 years, for which I 've taken Suboxone for 4 separate rounds of treatment.  The longest clean times I have ever had throughout this time is when I was on Subutex or Suboxone (I have used both).  I cannot say enough great things about this medicine, it has truly saved my life.  I am off of it now, and I had NO issues weaning off....it must be done thoroughly, slowly and patiently.  The biggest mistake is people trying to stop at 2mg, which is still a high dose. One must go all the way down to an almost crumb/sliver of a piece of pill or strip.  If following protocol in a program, you can successfully come off of it. 
LOVE IT, my first day and I already feel better. I have tried every antidepressent out there, side effects were never a problem, they just didn 't seem to help with the depression and when they did stop me from crying they stopped any type of feelings I was a zombie, and none of them helped with the motivation. Not to sure how Viibryd will do in that area but I have my hopes up. I hope it keeps working and I can afford it. For the first time in years I feel better.
Amazing medicine, side effects minimal and results fast.  Hallucinations, visual and auditory gone completely within days of starting this medication, also seemed to improve overall mood.
I developed severely dry feet after moving to Michigan from the mid-south, and I was regularly getting large painful blisters under the dry skin. It seemed counterintuitive to moisturize the skin vs using moleskin or similar, but it works. I use it for almost all dry, cracking skin and it works fast, healing things up in a couple days. It burns for a moment if I apply it to freshly scrubbed skin, but can 't find anything else but positive results.
i 've tried everything for panic attacks and depersonalization so far. i don 't like ssri 's they make me feel like a zombie. i don 't really have any side effects which is very rare as i 'm sensetive to a lot of drugs/food anything you name it. I do find sometimes the day after i 'm still tired and a bit depressed. I have 4mg+ if i 'm having a panic attack it seems to help quite a lot. i take 2mg if i 'm going to a party or a new place and take more if i need to. i 'm going to try propanolol next i heard it 's great too.
I was using linzess for past 1 1/2 years, but had diarrhea pretty constantly. Switched to Trulance and significantly better with diarrhea and my movements are a tad better also
This is for those girls that are freaking out right now like I did and the only thing that will calm them down is to read these reviews, you are not alone.  I 'm 22 and just got into nursing school and CANNOT get pregnant.  It turned into a night of freaking out and me crying because the condom broke.  We had sex around 1:00am and by around 10:00am my boyfriend and I went to the store to get the Plan B pill. We had sex two days after my period was over so I had a month of worrying if I was pregnant or not. It was the worst month of my life.  I thought the pill wasn 't working because I had no symptoms BUT my period came ON TIME! I 'm not pregnant! Hope this helps. The pill works ladies try not to worry.
Taking MS Contin 30mg four times a day for over five years. I use 4mg Hydromorphone for immediate release, breakthrough pain when and if needed. Usually (if needed) the Hydromorphone dose required is about 8 mg.  Because I am taking these medicines for a serious back injury in which I suffered 3 crushed vertebra, occasionally the pain gets out of control. Usually after ill-advised physical activity at a level beyond that which I am accustomed to. At those times it often requires the MS Contin and a dose of Dilaudid (Hydromorphone) to bring the pain back to a controlled level. When taking MS Contin and Hydromorphone together, there is a period of drowsiness that passes in about 1/2 hour. I just make sure I am not driving or out and about if such a dose is needed.
Just started using Valtrex for cold sores, I 'm 36 and suffered since I was young with these nasty little buggers. I can remember calling off work cuz they are so embarrasing, painful, and just gross in general. I 've tried everything over the counter and have read so many reviews and advice on how to shorten the cold sore, I 've spent hundreds of dollars experimenting to stop them. I finally went to my doctor and she gave me Valtrex and said take two immediately at first onset like tingle or little bump. Just yesterday I was sitting at my desk and I felt the tingle and tiny bump, I took two valtrex right away, then put a compeed patch over it, took another Valtrex 12 hours later and woke up to lil bump, have to take it right away to work best
Works great for me. No issues. 
This medicine is amazing. It gave me my life back. Until I started taking Pristiq I was on numerous different medications, none of which worked and the last one I took Remeron made me feel extremely suicidal. I have found that I have no side effects with Pristiq and I am so thankful to have found this medicine.
Great vitamin. Was rough on my stomach so I had to take with food. Would recommend to others!
Got it 2013 after having my son October 2012. I was 17, period was stupid for three months after that it was gone till spring 2014, then started getting it regularly but light. Taken out and got a new one same day in September 2016, since then my period still been light and regular, but best birth control. Btw- Weight gain is never caused from BC ladies lol. Everyone 's body is different. After pregnancy you 're chances of pregnancy are higher and this BC saved me, works like a charm and it 's not up your vagina nor is it a pill you may/may not remember daily
I am 51. I have scoliosis, spondo grade 3 (forward spine shift), 11 protruding disk, RA, severe stenosis and more. You could not tell by looking at me. I stay busy all day. I can barely walk when I get up in the morning or resting, when I do. I take 10/325 six times daily. This makes my life so much better!! My doc wanted me on morphine in between but insurance would not pay.  I still have pain, but so thankful it is less with this med!! I used to take hydrocodone, it made me so very sick.
I want to preface this review by saying that after years of taking things that did not work,  I did a pharmacogenetic test to see what exactly my DNA was compatible with.  As it turned out I 'm not compatible with much.  Only Prozac and Trintellix.  Prozac made me angry and foggy and I was still having not-get-outta-bed days.  But Trintellix was a game changer for me!!! I felt better very quickly and is the only drug that has ever truly worked for my depression.  I will still have depressed moments.  But I can get out of the bed.  Sometimes I 've even been cleaning the house etc. and crying at the same time, but as long as I 'm able to still be on the move and not shut down in bed, that is progress to me. I 'm truly thankful for this medication
Elevated heart rate, sweating, chills, tingles/numbness and shortness of breath, blurred vision, chest pain, can 't breathe... You name it I 've felt it lol. I nearly overdosed on alcohol and cocaine when I was in high school. Made me realize I wasn 't invincible and I have been an anxiety and panic sufferer ever since. Its only been about 13 years with the attacks but about 4 years ago I thought I was having a heart attack for the millionth time (hooked up to a machine and blood was all clear as always lol) and after the doctor prescribed Lorazepam and it has saved me many times. Including today lol. ONLY TAKE WHEN NEEDED. I HAVE AN ADDICTIVE PERSONALITY AND IT WOULD BE EASY TO USE THESE AS A CRUTCH. I only take one every couple days now.
I took Accutane for my severe acne 13 years ago. I have not had a breakout since I started the medication. It cleared up my face, back and chest in 6 months and have not had acne since. I know this is a serious medication and has harmful side effects. The only side effects that I experienced was the extremely dry, flaky skin. I do not regret taking Accutane. I tried many acne medications prescribed by the doctor and nothing worked. The acne would get better and then I would have a major breakout again.  Accutane was the only thing that worked for me.
I 've had dermatitis off and on all my life and tried everything.  Some medications would give some relief, but nothing ever cleared it up.  I 'm now in my late 60 's and my hands had gotten so bad I went back to the doctor.  I was given a sample tube of Eucrisa and put a light coat on my hands just before I went to sleep.  There were no side effects, and I couldn 't really tell it was on my hands.  The next day, the rash was better and the itching had stopped completely!  I usually woke up clawing at the itchy rash, and I 'm sure I even scratched in my sleep. It 's been four days now, and it is still improving.  To me, this is a miracle drug, and my only complaint is the expense.  I will manage to fill the prescription, though.  It 's worth it.
Been on requip for about a month now, I know when I forget to take it. I sleep soundly and have no side effects.  I waited years before asking my doctor for help! What was I thinking?!? My insomnia is all but gone as well! Ty requip!
So far, Viibryd has been life-changing for me. I just started the 20mg dosage on the starter sample pack given to me by my doctor after a week of 10mg, and I already feel more positive. I find myself smiling more, and I no longer have suicidal thoughts. If anything, it 's giving me hope that things will be ok and can get better if I change my attitude! I had tried Paxil a couple years ago with no results, but with Viibryd, I actually feel a change. The only side effect I 've encountered so far is a little constipation, but with a well-balanced diet, this can easily be reversed. I have suffered from depression and anxiety since I was a teen, and am now 30.
After a year if misdiagnosis I was eventually told I had Psoriatic Arthritis. It hit me quickly and within a year was in constant pain in my chest, hands and feet that prevented me walking far. I was 43 at the time. After years of NSAIDs I was put on Humira. What a difference, I am 99% pain free and the swelling has all but disappeared all within a month or so of taking, a miracle for me. 
I 'm on my 3rd week of using epiduo. My skin has improved dramatically. Just waiting for the redness to disappear. Highly recommend
My son was diagnosed with Tourette 's syndrome at an early age. He was put on clonidine. Made him sleepy so we gave 1/4 th his dose and it suppressed his tics. Very beneficial to his quality of life in my eyes. Did cause mild dry mouth.
Four years ago, at age 70, my doctor gave me a starter pack of Seroquel. It turned out to be the proverbial, &quot;silver bullet&quot;. I haven 't had a single episode of depression or hypo-mania since I started taking it. Three noticeable side effects have occurred: 1. I typically sleep 12 hours out of every 24 hour cycle,2. My body fat distribution has increased my waist by 5 inches, but my weight has remained about the same,3. Two years ago I was diagnosed as a Type 2 diabetic.For approximately the prior 20 years I experienced several episodes each year as a &quot;rapid cycler&quot;. Dozens of drugs had been tried without much success. As a staid person when not in an episode, it is not my style to be hyperbolic in describing my personal experiences.
The ONLY drug that has worked for my GERD
I wasn 't gonna write a review as yet but I needed to. This is my 9th day on Chantix for the first week of taking it. I smoked to the second day on the third day it was Ewk for me the smell the taste everything . I 'm a 8yr smoker 32 yr old female never thought I would quit smoking this is a miracle pill. The side effects I hate is my sleep messing up I was ok wen I was on the 0.5 mg but once I hit the 1 mg it 's a total wreck. I wake up I 'm the middle of the night and can 't go back to sleep. I work in the morning think I 'm going to cut the pill in half and see what happens over all. I 'm ecstatic, I 'm 6days smoke free and I will never ever look back to cigarettes. They make me sick to my stomach thanks to you Chantix.
I went to see my Dr. on June 3rd and I weighed in at 218lbs. I started on my pill on June 9th. Today I weigh 210lbs. I have changed my diet and cut out all of the burgers, fries, and cokes. My exercise consist of me walking on the track in the morning hours around 6 a.m. for 2 miles and at work on my lunch I will do 30 mins on the treadmill. The only side effects I have had so far was dry mouth and getting too sleepy. This is the best medication I 've ever had for losing weight.
I am a 40 y.o. female, I have had acne since I was 14. I 've been to a dermatologist and have tried everything from Proactiv to prescription pills, creams, cleansers, steroids and even several different antibiotics. Nothing ever worked, so I gave up. My health insurance changed at the beginning of the year (2015), so I found a new PCP. She asked me if I 'd tried any treatments for my acne. I said everything! First she put me on Doxycycline, which seemed to work but made me nauseous. Then she switched the medicine to Minocycline. I noticed a difference the first week! I 've been on it for 2 months now, breakouts are healed! I have dark spots where pimples were and put cream on those areas to lighten it. So happy! No more covering up with makeup
I was on the pill (last one was Viorele) for about 10 years before I got my Nexplanon in December of 2014. There was a lot of bruising at the site where it was inserted, but I bruise like a peach so not surprising. It is now June 2015 and I have not had a period yet! No PMS other than some acne flare-ups every few weeks. There has been considerable weight gain (about 25 lbs) since then, but I 've started eating better and exercising, which I should have been doing anyway. It was absolutely free, covered 100% by my insurance. I have 0 complaints!
Personally, I 've had the best experience with this pill. It 's done it 's job for sure. I rarely break out from my periods and my periods are always light. I really love the fact that I know exactly what day and time I start my period. It helps me a lot with cramps and the level of heaviness in my period, which was why Levora was recommended to me. I 've been on this pill for 2 years now and I 'm very happy! My boyfriend and I unfortunately can not use condoms because of UTIs and other medical reasons for me. This pill definitely makes me feel safe.
Have been taking this for almost 2 years now. For me, it works great. Had some of the side effects initially - nausea, lack of appetite, headaches and loose stools. But all of those side effects are gone now. I have had almost NO PSA flares and my blood work is absolutely perfect. Everyone is different, but for me right now, and for the past 2 years, this drug has been fantastic.
I had a drug reaction and was back in hospital for 5-7 days and had hearing loss as a side effect
My Mirena was inserted in June of 2006. 6 weeks after the birth of my first child. My 5 years with Mirena has almost expired.  I am very pleased with the performance of this device. When my Mirena was inserted I experienced approximately 5 months of spotting. I have not had a period in over 4 years. Since my last period I have experienced light spotting, most common after intercourse. I must say I have no complaints. 
I have been in Seasonique for 9, almost 10 years. I take my pill everyday at the same time, even if I have to take in the middle of a an outing. Forgetting to take the pill isn 't an option for me. I 've never had any major side effects and on the rare occasion I have a little breakthrough bleeding, I take the pill with 1000mg of vitamin C ( if you do the research it increases the impact of the estrogen in the pill, therefore slowing and then effectively stopping the breakthrough bleeding). It usually takes 2 days and it 's over. Sometimes I take 2 packs continuously and don 't have a period for 6 months, my OBGYN is fine with this. I say give it a try, take it at the same time everyday !!!!
Let me just tell you, to those reading these reviews, it 's not worth the stress. To sum it up, my bf and I had unprotected sex on Feb 15 but he pulled out and since I forgot bout precum (he claims he doesn 't have any) I needed to take the precaution, taking Plan B. He bought the pill and I took it approx 22 hrs after. I had little to no symptoms, first day I had little fatigue and my appetite increased. After so much research, turns out, if you 're that 5% of which it doesn 't work on its either because you took it too late or have already taken it before so your body is regulating the pill (that 's from what I read) I 'm a senior in high school and have a lot of plans for my future. My period came today so being a mother is not on the list!!!
After my 10 year tried about every medication he started Daytrana it is absolutely the miracle medication. He is in honors classes and is able tolerate his day to day routine. We put it on him before he gets up in the morning. Without the medication or on oral doses he is very unmanageable and even aggressive at times. We use Ritalin tablets when he does not have school this helps with his weight but his behavior is out of control. He really can not go to school without his patches. We need the Daytrana!!!!!!!
Ive had an amazing experience with this drug, I 've been on it for close to over a year, because of my lifestyle and work I was always in high stress environments and I had anxiety to begin with.A lot of my personality traits before I started citalopram were similar to one 's of borderline personality disorder (though I don 't actually have bpd) I take 20 MG. After about a month I could feel my mood increase and work started to seem a lot less frustrating, my only side effect is I bruise easily but I already did before the drug so to me it 's not a huge deal.It 's amazing how helpful this drug has been for me, it 's created me any positive things for me, I feel almost &quot;normal&quot;.I recommend you take it DAILY.Don 't give up on this pill
I have trouble sleeping from 3 - 6 am.  I wake up and cannot go back to sleep creating the daytime symptoms of insomnia (see: http://www.mayoclinic.org/diseases-conditions/insomnia/basics/definition/CON-20024293 ). I rarely have trouble falling asleep.I have been taking LIQUID doxepin for 18+ months (along with a 5 mg time release melatonin) - 30 min before bedtime.  The LIQUID has to be especially prescribed by your Dr and approved by your drug company.  A 120 ml bottle is $79 - with medicare &amp; drug co approval, my out of pocket (last bought in 6/2016) was $7! Much cheaper than Silenor.  I am prescribed 0.6ml/night, but sometimes I take 0.5ml or less, &amp; never over 0.7ml (rarely).Doxepin &amp; melatonin work well to help me sleep from 10p-6a!
First birth control I 've ever been on and I have had little to no side effects with the only tangible ones being weight loss ( lost 5lbs ) &amp; some mood swings or nausea during my first week of inserting Nuvaring and the night after I take it out. These symptoms are super manageable and don 't affect my daily life what so ever! I 've been on Nuvaring for about 5 months now using it as the only method of birth control and it has amazing results! I don 't feel it when it 's in place and my boyfriend hasn 't felt it during sex either. I love that I get my period monthly since it lets me know for sure that my birth control is doing it 's job and I 'm not pregnant! I don 't see myself switching brands for a long time.
I took Chantix for 25 days and stopped smoking once all the meds were gone. I started smoking when I was 14 years old. I am now 62. I started the Chantix last year and was hopeful it would work and it did! I tried many things throughout the years and was never successful. Today I am 14 months smoke free! My doctor was so against prescribing this and wanted me to try other things that I had already tried. Unfortunately she left her group practice before I could tell her how Chantix worked for me. I am so happy about my success and hope that others will try Chantix too. The only side effect that I had was unusual dreams about once per week. But it was worth it to stop 1 and 1/2 packs of cigarettes per day.
Day One. Since I had my son, via c-section, 4 years ago, I have been addicted to pain pills. What started out as something to take away my pain, turned into a full blown addiction. At my worst I was taking about 60mg/day worth of pain pills, and today I started Suboxone. Since it is my first day, I can 't say it has changed my life, but for right now, I can say I do feel better. It did take away the cravings and withdrawal symptoms, but I think it is too soon to say how long this will last. I hope this will help  to rid myself of this nasty opiate addiction.
Altoprev is the ONLY statin drug I can tolerate. It is due to the timed-release of the drug over 24 hours. I do not recieve that whopping dose of the drug all at once. However, my ins. Rx. coverage wil not cover it. I do not get to take it regularly, due to fixed income. It is 160.00 a month. But this is the drug for me and I get it filled about every other month.
My boyfriend and I had unprotected sex around 11pm and he pulled out but I 'm not sure if he did it end time. Just to be safe I purchased the pill the next morning and took it at 8am. I started my period 3 days after . The only bad thing about this pill is that I had extremely bad cramps and a little nausea . The pill does work though! I would recommend it!:) don 't worry ladies and don 't stress out!
I thought this birth control would be the perfect fit for me since I always forgot to take the pill. I had it inserted in October 2014. Since then I have already gained 20 pounds. Nothing about my life or the way I eat has changed so I knew it was the Implanon. When it was first put in my arm was bruised for a week and very sensitive to touch. I have had very clear skin before using this and my face has begun to break out. I 'm only 20 so I 'm very insecure to go to the beach this summer with my face and body looking like this. Also my sex drive has gone down tremendously. Which is hurting my relationship. The only plus side is not having a period at all. I would spot here and there in the beginning but it went away and I do not spot anymore.
I was started on Cymbalta 30mg about 6 months ago. I was increasingly anxious and irritable and quick to start arguments. My presenting complaint was however tinnitus due to jaw clenching!Cymbalta almost immediately calmed me down. I feel less guilt feelings about everything. I can walk away from arguments unless really pushed - and then just watch out! My spouse thinks I am better for it.However I do feel rather fatigued and now find it difficult to exercise but once I start I have no problem.I can focus and work with a less antagonistic attitudes. Sleep is better. Sex is better. No weight problem. I do drink very moderately with no problem. Missing doses is a major problem: headaches, dizziness, nightmares.
The Doxepin cream helps greatly when my hives start to pop up.  It is much better for me than a cortizone cream.  It can make me a little sleepy. It was a little expensive, even with insurance.
I have been taking Remeron for about three years, at various dosages. It does a great job of handling my depression without aggravating my anxiety. It also gives me severe munchies, especially for carbs. But otherwise I have no side effects. Which is a first with me and antidepressants; the SSRIs in particular wrecked me. My doctor told me that usually, people who can 't take SSRIs will be able to tolerate Remeron.
I highly recommend this treatment. I had my second child at 33yrs &amp; for the next two years spent too much money fighting the worst breakouts I 'd ever had in my life. I was at the point where I would not go out because I hated the acne marks. My doctor told me I was a good candidate for Accutane &amp; after consulting friends who had taken it in their teen years I decided to take the treatment. No Regrets! It is not an easy process. Treatment was for 6 months. My skin and lips peeled after the first month up to the 5th and they were very sensitive to the sun. It felt raw. My joints were very tight when I woke up in the morning (like arthritis). But Worth every Discomfort.  Treatment ended Oct 2011 and have been Breakout Free for the last 2 years.
My husband and I were on Adipex for 3 months before I got pregnant with our son. I had to quit taking it of course. However, our first month I lost 18lbs and my husband lost 29! In the 3 months we were on it we lost a total of 105lbs! It is definetly the best diet pill ever. The only thing I didn 't like was that my mouth was always dry. I couldn 't go anywhere without a bottle of water in my hand.
My mood improved significantly with Lexapro. No anxiety or panic attacks whatsoever. However after about a week on it, I had severe diharrea. I literally was afraid to eat.
I love this antibiotic it helps my UTI brilliantly I have suffered with UTI 's infections for over 60 yrs yes 60yrs and had every antibiotic going in that time     But remember you must take on a full stomach  if you side effects that affect to your stomach
I suffer from Combat related PTSD, Depression and Panic Attacks. Have been taking Ativan for several years with Wellbutrin SR. I still take the Ativan to control the anxiety, but since my doctor added Niravam, it seems as soon as it dissolves on my tongue, I can feel almost immediate relief, and it stops the panic attack in no time at all. It 's truly a miracle medication.
I have had PTSD for 15 years, I was skeptical about taking medication for my condition, thinking each day I would fight on and get better without the aid of medications. I have finally sought help and have only been taking Zoloft for a short period of time and already I feel the difference. I feel happier and my general mood is more positive, the negative thoughts have diminished considerably.  I have had no bad side effects to date.  My advice to anyone hesitating is just pluck up the courage and talk to your doctor.
I had been seeing G.I. specialist for months for intermittent nausea and vomiting that led to horrible stomach and chest pain.  My G.I. tried everything, nothing seemed to worked, I even threw up on Zofran twice(strongest anti-nausea medicine you can get). I wind up in the ER about monthly for complications with dehydration and anemia, and at the ER I was put on Donnatal.  Donnatal was a miracle! I can now function, leave my house most days, and no longer spend every day wishing I would just die because of the pain. It doesn 't fix everything but without it I am really bad. 
I have been suffering from the anxiety for the past four years. I  have been on Ativan, Xanax, and many SSRI drugs. Nothing helped. As a matter fact, the SSRI drugs made my anxiety worse. Finally a psychiatrist prescribed gabapentin. It has been a miracle for me. I don 't have any side effects whatsoever. All of the physical symptoms of anxiety (heart palpitations, shortness of breath, sweating, tiredness) have disappeared. I I also feel more &quot;even.&quot; I have more patience and I 'm not in such a rush to do things. I take three 300 mg pills a day. I am so thankful for finding this drug. I know how hard it is to try different medications and have them not work.  I hope anybody who is suffering from anxiety finally finds a medication that helps.
I am a 43 year old mom who 's struggled with bouts of anger and anxiety. I felt so agitated by everything, I didn 't want my boyfriend to even look at me and it took a toll on our relationship. I 'm a grad student and an HR manager with a high stress work environment. I have ADD as well so I began taking a small amt of aderall with the zoloft and I am a  'sweetheart ' now as my boyfriend says. In fact, we are ring shopping now. The zoloft does have the 1 sexual side effect for me which makes it difficult for me to  'finish '...but overall I really like this medication.
The 3 years went by so fast. I loved it so much I just had it taken out and a new one put in. My cycle comes every 3 months and last about 7 days, the other months I may cramp a little but no spotting so far.
Stopped my mixed episode very quickly!
I have taken Lunesta 3mg for 4 yrs and haven 't had any problems with it. No side effects, no funny tastes, I just pop it in my mouth with a big drink and wala!  I take it and in about 30 min I 'm asleep and don 't wake up until the next morning with no hang over feeling, no headaches or anything. I have tried them all, I used to go for days and days without sleep so when I tried this and it worked it was like a whole new world opened up. This may just work different on some people as I was reading, but in my case IT WORKED!
My migraines started on April 2 2016, I have had a constant headache since then, with the 13 migraines, after a CT scan in my neck, I have a long which needs to be removed, which could be the root cause for this ongoing headache however finally I was prescribed maxalt today after almost 4 months of suffering headaches and migraines,and taking other pain relief, icing it, quiet rooms, limiting bright light stimulation ,msiisng out on family and friend events and I cannot believe the difference it 's made. I don 't like taking medications, I try to do things naturally, think this really really helped, and I have so much relief.Kudos to the angel who told me about it from Medicare, while we were trying to sort out my card going missing
Yesterday was day 7 of treatment using Monistat 7.  I have had just one YI before this, and that was many years ago, when everything was done by prescription.  I found the applicator(s) easy to use, and experienced very, very mild exterior itching after the third application.  No burning inside the vagina, thank goodness, at any time.  I will have to see how the next few days go, to see if the YI returns.  If not, I would definitely do this same treatment again.  (Hope I won 't have to, though.)  I, fortunately, experienced no painful side effects from the treatment.
I was very pleased with the effectiveness and mild side effects I got from 50mg of Viagra! Works within 30mins and lasts for hours.
Ativan 0.5 mg as needed for panic attacks.  Not good for longterm use in my opinion because you will always need more, body will tolerate the dose and need more for same calming effect but its a short-acting med for anxiety and panic attacks and working wonderfully for me for years.  I have bipolar 2 with rapid mood cycling and bad PMS symptoms and its a blessing when I do need it.  I never take more than 1 mg at one time though because it is a strong drug.  Peace.  This too shall pass.
Great. Take 30 minutes before bed and it treats both pain and mild restlessness.
I am a weight loss war veteran. My highest weight was 337 and have had two bariatric procedures since 1996. I started 1.5 year ago a low carb diet and went from 245 to 213 and was stuck there for 9 months. June of this year, I started Saxenda. I have reached my goal now of 165. I will continue on the medication to get a bit lower.  I hope to find a stabilizing dose and continue taking it forever if possible. It absolutely shuts of your appetite. I would obsess about eating and getting &quot;enough.&quot; The drug cuts down those thoughts. I eat very small portions but get full very fast. Side effects can be nausea that could be from having an empty stomach (sour felling.) Soda water seems to help.As noted, constipation is a problem.
I 've used this on my 2year olds rash and saw noticeable results within 1 day. He would pick his face in his sleep and I couldn 't clear it with anything until the doctor prescribed this. I keep it in my diaper bag all the time now. It also works amazingly for diaper rash and any small cut, scrape, or infection. No side affects on my son, daughter, or myself
This medication has changed my life. I was in so much pain day and night that I had trouble sleeping. I didn 't go places because my pain was so bad. Now I can sleep at night and most important to me is that I can play with my grandchildren again
i would experience urinary tract infections multiple times a year due to sexual intercourse. I would always make sure that my partner and I would both wash off before sexual intercourse to cut down on the spreading of bacteria which helped but I still suffered from frequent utis. My doctor then prescribed macrobid. I have had no negative side effects with or without food and I have had ZERO urinary tract infections for the past 9 months. This medicine has really increased my quality of life including my sex life. Definitely recommend!
I switched to Trinessa 28 's last week of April and I am very content! After the birth of my child in December I tried the shot and it was the worst ever...I lost tons of hair and constantly bled almost the whole 3 months, mood swings, and the list goes on...Well first week of Trinessa I did get some headaches and a bit of nausea but nothing I couldn 't tolerate. I do take them at night before bed, which in my opinion is the best time! Within the first month my mood swings were gone, noticed hair growth and reduction in hair loss, first period was only 4 days and not too heavy but maybe 2nd day only. For me Trinessa is wonderful and has worked wonders! And also no copay covered at 100% with my insurance!
Like the other reviews, I have always suffered from UTIs with exactly the same problem, I will get one, antibiotics will clear it up and then it will return shortly thereafter. I have had strains resistant to antibiotics, been placed on multiple antibiotics, etc. All to no avail in actually ridding me of UTI symptoms. I have spent any amount of money on different medications.  When I have UTIs, they drive me insane and I feel absolutely drained.  I brought Hiprex as we were on holidays over Easter and I couldn 't get to a GP. The chemist recommended it. I have not looked back, the terrible urge to constantly urinate completely disappeared within 2 days. Hiprex has given me my life back.
I was admitted to hospital in march 2011, my viral load was 1,730,000.00 (yep million) and CD4 count 30. I also had cryptococcal and was in a bad state. My Doctor prescribed Atripla after cryptococcal was bought under control, within 2 months, dropping my viral load to 300 and upping my CD4 to 135, I was feeling better than ever, with more energy.
I been suffering from Premenstrual Dysphoric Disorder for a few years now and have tried everything under the sun, but with the Effexor I am feeling great. It does have some side effects though, but lasted for a few days, but now gone. They include the following: Jitters, drowsiness, and a touch of nausea.  Although with the sadness and anxiety under control I now realize all the physical symptoms of PMDD. I rather have the physical symptoms over the emotions any day.
I am 18 years old and have had Nexplanon in for 6 months now. It is great! I always forgot to take my pill and had my hormones all over the place. When I talked to my doctor at Plan Parenthood they told me about this. My insurance at plan parenthood covered it. It only hurt for a week. This is the only birth control I use. It 's great. I do now get thick periods. As if it was my discharge and period mixing. Never has happened. Has it for anyone else? Only last about a week then I don 't bleed. I recommend this to any young girl who can 't remeber to always take that damn pill(:
All started when I was about 18 years young. All typical symptoms - racing thoughts, palpitations, high blood pressure, dizzines, fear, choking feeling, chest tightness, fear of death and many other unbearable things which happens when anxiety becomes uncontrollable! Over the years I have had my good days and my bad days. Sometimes to a point where I don 't want to live anymore, but then comes good days and to live is the thing I want the most. For those dark moments when close to panic xanax has really helped me! It gets me a bit calmer straight away, and then I can start breathing excercise and other little things which help to calm down. Without xanax I honestly wouldn 't know what to do!
I am 17 years old, I don 't have acne I just have the teenage pimples. But theses pimples control my life and make me depressed. I have taken one tablet and my face is clear, one pimple on my face. So happy.
I was inpatient in the hospital for a 5 day migraine. I was given Reglan and benadryl thru IV several times over a 4 day hospital stay and it helped the migraines in mins. I want you to understand how miserable I was. I had to have the curtains always drawn, couldn 't watch TV or listen to music, and the room always felt like it was spinning. l noticed that when they administer the benadryl, it burns when given thru IV. I had competent nurses who administered it slowly to prevent intense burning. I also noticed after both were administered, I felt like I needed to move around, so my fingers and legs twitched a little, but not too much. It helped more than anything, and I 'm really happy it was there as an option.
I have hyperthyroidism and have suffered with anxiety for over 20 years and Valium is the best medication I 've had by far because it does it 's job very well. I 've been on Doxepin and Celexa and they were hopeless compared to Valium. I take 5mg at night and I get a decent sleep every night and sometimes 2.5mg in the day.
Medication works by inducing a period. After taking this medicine I had to take clomid and I conceived on my 4th round of medication. It works. Be patient and good things will come. I am now trying again to conceive and yes I am taking provera again and I just started my 1st round of clomid.
I had my implant put in last April. I had very light spotting for 2 weeks after it was put in. Now its February and I just started bleeding again. Nothing to serious. I love it. I have had no side affects what so ever. I don 't have to worry about taking a pill every day or trying to remember to go in and get a shot every 3 months. It was the best decision for me and I still agree with that decision even now.
Hysterectomy at 26. I 've been on HRT for 30 years and medications available have changed with time. This is the best I 've tried so far.
I started taking Wellbutrin SR about 2 weeks ago and I am already noticing a difference.  I had a lot of anger, frustration, stress, and small panic attacks with uncontrollable crying.  Now since I have been taking it, I am much calmer and I am able to determine what is worth worrying about and what is not.  I could not do that before.  The crying has stopped and I no longer feel stressed or angry.  The only side effect I have is a mild headache, a little insomnia, and extreme thirst.  Those I can deal with versus what I was dealing with.  I am definitely going to keep taking it.
I hate this pill due to all the horrible side effects I experienced. I had unprotected sex with my husband when we got married on May 28th. My period happened the week prior to us having sex. I took the pill a few hours after we had sex. Everything was fine up until two weeks after I consumed the pill. I was feeling: sore tender breast that I couldn 't even wear a bra since it hurt so much, horrible cramps, I was bloated like a cow I had to take organic teas to help me, horrible headaches, mood swings, dizziness and nausea. I had no period for the month of June and I started to worry. Today is July 11th and I JUST STARTED MY PERIOD! PRAISE THE LORD! Pill works, horrible side effects. 6 week late period.
I have done the HCg injections and lost 40 lbs.  I did loose some muscle but I kept the weight off til I had significant stress and reverted to bad habits.  THat 's my bad.  What people need to understand is that you need to follow the HCG plan by dr SImons.  No, you cannot eat hamburger, no you cannot have a glass of wine everyday, no you cannot eat watermelon - at least in phase 2, 3.  People fail at this diet because they refuse to adher or do not read about the original diet and follow it.  But it works when you do it right.  And I felt better on it than off it - it helped with my shoulder pain.
I have been taking Lialda for9 months now for my microscopic colitis and it is working! I take 3 pills a day with zero side effects. I only have flare ups if I eat something on my no-no list. My doctor told me I could come off the medication if I want to as it is the type that will cause remission but I am to afraid to go back to the pain of my colitis so I decided to remain taking it. The only problem with this medication is that it is very expensive.
I have had Nexplanon for a couple of months and I have to say it has been very effective. I am young and my mom even though disappointed felt this was the best for me. I have been bleeding everyday besides a couple of days at the end of every month. I also do get some of the side effects like back aches but they are bearable. I have gained weight but I do recommend this to many young girls and women. My boyfriend and I had an incident and I am not pregnant.
Zyrtec works well in combating allergies as well as allergic rhinitis. The best I 've found.I take at night about an hour before bedtime and sleep like a baby all night. Love it. First time in years I can say I feel great and not congested from allergies.
I am on my 18th day and have noticed DRAMATIC results. I have gotten many compliments. My skin is very dry though and I do have very chapped lips but the redness of my skin has gone away and I barely breakout anymore. My acne was pretty severe. I had tried everything (antibiotics, creams, gels, chemical peels, facials, etc.) I was very nervous about getting on this but I love it and recommend it to everyone.
I was working on water coolers, some of the liquid got my eyes. I went to Walmart and bought this product, and it worked great. it got rid of the itching and burning, I was lucky it save me a visit to the doctor.
I had a colonoscopy a few days ago and propofol was used as the anesthesia.  The doctor said he was injecting it into my IV, and I felt a little burning sensation in my hand, and then I was awake and in the recovery room.  No drowsiness, no nausea - I drank some juice, got dressed, and went home, where I felt absolutely fine the rest of the day!
I suffered from excessive sweating since I was about 12 years old. I 'll never forget it. It was WINTER and I took off my coat and saw sweat under my arms through my sweater. This continued for YEARS. It was embarrassing. Being nervous definitely increased this issue. When I reached about 20 years old, I was using paper towels under my shirts, attached to my bras. Summer time was dreaded. I was miserable. I owned tons of black shirts. In the summer I 'd walk one block and my armpits would be drenched. Now, to be perfectly honest, I am a beautiful woman. Mixed race, slim, nice hair, light eyes... But no matter what, the sweating made me want to hide. Indoors. All the time. Just sitting still made me sweat. It was horrible.
Was prescribed this by the VA after retiring from the military. Am new to it but it makes my life so much better! Have had HORRIBLE panic and anxiety attacks for years even before I knew what they were. Driving, meetings, interacting in groups, you name it. So far so good, it really helps!
Day one.  This is the first day in the past two years that I haven 't over-eaten.  I had gastric bypass and lost lots of weight.  I thought i was fine.  Then I was attacked by a co-worker.  It set off massive depression and PTSD.  I moved from Hawaii to PA-and I cant eat that much, but slidder food-chips, bread, eggs, diet soda and coffee with cream.  I don;t like sweets.  But, I eat crap. This is the first day without Chips/mcdonalds/fries....I have no heart racing, No problem with anxiety, no jitters.  I was able to chose a nice low cal dinner, and no CHIPS...they are my weakness.  I am so happy to stop the binge.
It worked great but made me really dizzy. Has anyone experienced this?
I was put on Phetermine to aid in my weight loss, I had tried everything, even used Herbalife strictly for one month and didn 't lose any weight, I was concerned about hypothyroidism as thyroid problems run in my family, but at 26 it shouldn 't be posing an issue and blood work came back normal, I chalked it up to a metabolic problem and consulted with my doctor. On the day of my visit my resting blood pressure was 149/93, I don 't get nervous at the doctor because I 'm a veterinary technician so I see needles and help treat animals all day so those things don 't bother me. I am 5 '2 and my weight at the doctor was 192lbs. My doctor wants me back in 1m to see how I 'm doing, she requested I lose 5lbs by the time she sees me. So far I 've lost 9lbs.
Took it for depression, anxiety and insomnia. It has taken just under 2 months at 75mg daily to kick in properly, but when it did, I found it to be a God send! I 've been taking it for 4 months now, and cannot remember last time I felt anxious, and my sleep is best its ever been.Side effects are dissapearing slowly, and I feel very happy, and look forward to the future again. Highly recommend.
I was first prescribed oxycodone 5 mg/2 tabs/twice daily, as required. Then put on the 25 mg/mgh fentanyl patches.  They were a God send.  The only problem I had was that every 50 hours (average) they would stop working.  I had to have someone from Mylan, send me a letter to show to my doctor in order to change to every 48 hours.
Just started and it feels good so far will see tomorrow.
I had severe acne when I was a teenager and took oral retinoids (accutane)  for a year. Clear skin for a few years, and then the acne was back in a more mild version.I am applying a pea sized amount of adaferin 0.1 for two months now and my skin went from mild acne-&gt; very dry skin AND acne-&gt; just dry skin-&gt; normal skin with a few scars and occasional hormonal pimple.I apply a pea sized amount of the cream in all of my face (my dermatologist said a lentil in each cheek), after I have removed make up and have washed it with a mild soap (NO scrubs). You have to wait to apply the cream after you wash your face (15 min). Wait a little bit more and apply moisturiser if needed. DO NOT use locally just on one pimple. It works for preventing.
Hello people. 3 years ago when I was in med school, I experienced a terrible anxiety problem. It was a mixture of both, generalised anxiety disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder. I had issues attending classes, couldn 't sleep at night with weeks of sleepless nights worrying and obsessing. And I decided to see a psychiatrist. He put me on 5mg lexapro and 2.5 mg diazepam daily taken at night. I was very compliant to treatment and saw a tremendous improvement in my mood with the OCD symptoms totally vanished in like 3 to 4 weeks. I was better able to handle my life and went on to complete medical school and managed to graduate as a doctor now. If it wasn 't for lexapro, I don 't think would have got this far in life.
Cymbalta was a life saver; I started on 30 mg and quickly went to 60 mg. I felt relaxed, less anxiety. My dose was increased to 90 mg- I became psychotic, talking a mile a minute, the sweats, etc. I was placed back on the 60 mg.
Had Skyla inserted on 9/17/15, the procedure was extremely quick, so was the insertion pain. The whole day after I had extreme cramping, but it slowly went away and did not continue into the next day. I spotted for about a month after, but the spotting stopped completely after my 2nd period with it. My first period with skyla was NOT a pleasant experience, it seemed as if my PMS symptoms were made worse by the skyla but thankfully my symptoms were back to normal by my 2nd period. The only concern I have with it now is every now and again I bleed pretty heavily the day after intercourse. I 've highly recommended it to my friends as a form of contraceptive though because it 's been extremely effective
I am a 42 year old male. Have been taking simvastatin 20mg for about 2 and a half months now. No side effects and I 'm amazed at how my numbers have dropped. My wife is thrilled as well.
I 'm 28, no children. I 've been on this birth control for about 5 years and have just one complaint - it gives me high blood pressure. High BP runs in my family, so I am switching from this birth control to another one. Apart from the high BP, this birth control has been fantastic. My skin has never looked better, I didn 't gain weight, nor did I experience mood swings. Occasionally I had spotting between periods, but it was never anything that disrupted me. I know everyone is different, but my experience was great.
Very thin woman age 58 my first experience with this medicine was excellent. Now the generic Megestrol Does nothing for me. Went through 9 bottles with no weight gain. 
I have had no side effects with Bystolic @ 5 mg dosage......
I was skeptical first trying it because I never had birth control before. I 'm 23 and a hypochondriac. My 1st month (Nov) I started taking it on 16th during my period , it lightend it by 3 days-- a week after, I spotted lightley for 2 weeks straight (nothing serious or worrisome). December I got my period on time, again it was light and short, and then january I didnt get my period but had really really light spotting for 1 day and my doc said that WAS my period.Basically I had NO other symptoms at all being on this pill, aside from a really sweet tooth craving chocolate and sweets which made me gain about 5-7 lbs. Other then that. THUMBS UP
I got my Mirena put in in 2008. Its been in ever since. When I first got it I spotted  for the first 6 months pretty heavily, but I expected that. Then the heavy turned light. About a year and a half later my period stopped completely. Once or twice a year since then I spotted for about a day, but it was hardly a big deal. So far so good. 
I 've been taking this for exactly 5 weeks and have lost 17lbs, from 194lbs to 177lbs. That was with absolutely no exercise, just eating when I was hungry (which was next to never). Every time I increased the dosage the side effects were rough. I had several episodes of vomiting, fatigue, and just thinking of food would make me nauseous. But honestly for losing that much weight it was worth it to me. Only concern is I 've now been at the 3.0mg dose for over a week and my appetite is crawling back and my weight loss is slowing down. I 'm hoping once I start working out my weight loss will resume and my appetite won 't be out of control like it was before I started this med.
IT started in the spring of 1996. I began having stomach pains horribly EVERYDAY. Nausea. I had made a major life change in going into something with a 4 and 1 year old that I did not want to really do but my wife wanted BAD... By September of that year, I had become in such pain and lost 50lbs that my intern put me in the hospital for one week with EVERY test of the digestive system. Long story short, I left the hospital with a diagnosis of GAD and secondary IBS.  Went home and didn 't sleep one week, so doctor put me in a private mental home. They put me on 1mg klonopin and 20mg paxil and 50mg Trazadone for sleep. In 5 days, NO stomach problems at all. Ate 3 square meals, played ball, went to gymn. WAS ALIVE AGAIN!!!
I posted about 2 months ago when I first started taking Nortriptyline, 25mg, once a day.  I had a continuous headache day in and out.  After taking multiple drugs, Imitrex, Prodrin, Midrin, not much relief.  After about 2 weeks on Nortriptyline my continuous headache had diminished, &quot;almost&quot; entirely.  I did notice though many afternoons my headache return and I had to take other meds to help reduce the discomfort.  I talked to my doctor and he agreed maybe 2x a day would be best.  25mg in the morning and again at night.  That was about 3 weeks ago and now, very rarely do I have any headaches, at any time of day.  I hope this continues.  What a relief.  To me, this has been a true wonder drug for my 24 hour headache!  No side effects.
I started Saxenda on 8/28 I am currently on dose 1.8. I feel great, sometimes I get bad headaches at night but they go away. I have lost 11 lb 's rarely feel hungry and I do not have any cravings for sweets. Which sweets are a big thing to me. Right now I feel like I am at a stand still I eat around 800-1000 calories a day. Looking to lose 40 lb 's but I am taking it as it goes. I am so happy I started this.
Changed my life. Anxiety is gone, and because of that my depression. Loving life anxiety free is amazing. Can 't believe I waited this long is my only regret.
I 'm 30 years old with 3 kids and I was addicted to Vicodin and Percocets. Everyday was all about waking up and waiting by the phone to find my pills for the day or I couldn 't take care of my kids. The worst was panicking when I couldn 't find anything. I would take it out on my kids when it wasn 't their fault. I was addicted for 6 years. After a while I needed more and more so I started getting sick and had the worst withdrawls. So I got Suboxone and am feeling wonderful. I have a smile 24/7. It 's the best. I can sleep and enjoy my kids. The discoverer is a genius.
I have been taking Contrave since  Feb, 2016. Male - 63. I have lost 25lbs. so far with little to no excercise. 327 down to 302. The only side effect I noticed was a little nausea in the first week, but it went away after that. I have not suffered any other effects as in testimonies from others. This product does block the hunger feeling and the full satisfied feeling. I watch what I eat, reduce  portions, and have cut out most carb consumption. I will be taking walks soon now that winter is over. I recommend Contrave, however as it is stated in the product information, this may not be for everyone. The side effects described concerned me in the beginning, but I have confidence in the product now.
On my 4th pack and have not experienced any problems other than once. I accidentally missed a pill one time starting my 2nd pack and followed the instructions at night (I always take my pills at 10pm) and the next morning I had what I assume would be similar to morning sickness which was awful. I had the most nausea the first month on the pill but after that it seemed to gradually decrease to the point where I hardly noticed it at all, if any at all. The first time I took the placebo, I got my period after at about the same time I do now regulated on the pill. I haven 't used birth control before so I was not expecting to be regular on the pill this early, but that 's amazing! Acne has cleared up too! Very happy!
I Judy had a shot of Toradolcin my right button. I don 't feel the severe pain in my shoulder &amp; back. The pain is still there, But not a severe. I have not had any adverse reaction.
I read a lot of the reviews and there aren 't any from people that have had it for the entire 5 years!  I am going in Friday to have one removed and a new one put it.  I 've been reading the reviews because I wanted to see what it is like when the remove it because I 'm kind of a wimp. I love love love Mirena though!  No periods, no trying to remember to take a pill every day! I LOST 45 pounds - not because of Mirena, mind you - since I 've had Mirena so weight gain was determinately not a side effect for me.  I would and AM doing it again!
I have struggled with gaining weight/appetite for a while now. After dropping down to 109 and hearing comments every day about being thin, I saw my doctor and he prescribed me this. It has worked wonders for my appetite! I put on 10 lbs in almost 3 weeks and plan to keep going until I 'm about 130. They made me sleepy at first but now that has worn off after about the 2nd week. If you are looking to put on weight I highly recommend trying these... Great appetite enhancer!
I am 30yrs old. I have been taking Klonopin for 6 years, for severe anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder and bipolar disorder. Since I have been taking it for so long I have gotten a little immune to it. I started taking 0.5mg today I use 2mg 3x daily. When I first started taking it the effects were very strong. So I recommend you start at a lower dose. This medicine has been a life changer for me because now I finally feel like  human. I have 2 small kids to look after and with this medicine I can function better in my daily life.
My SUPREP kit had the mixing cup and 2 bottles of the solution. It smelled like grape soda. 20 minutes or so prior to use, I put it and the water in the freezer to chill, mixed it, used a straw and - it tasted like the &quot;Nugrape&quot; soda I drank as a kid. I was easily able to drink it. No nausea. Did it 's job. No sweat.
I am 65, becauses of thyroid supplements, I started getting very oily with lots of blackheads on my nose, lips, &amp; chin &amp; a few small pimples.  Went to my Derm after an 18 year lapse; she prescribed Tazorac; I really wanted accutane which I had taken in my 40 's, really good stuff, but she insisted that I try Tazorac at .1%; I love it.  It set my face on fire for about 2 weeks, I used Epionce medical barrier cream to cool it. &amp; help with the sting.  My face was very red too.  After 2 weeks, the burn lessen and now I can put it on several days in a row without the cream.  Been using for 2 mos &amp; my skin is looking fantastic &amp; brighter, I have a few acne scars and they are looking much smaller too.  I am getting complements from family members.
This medicine is like magic. I had constant post-nasal drip and congestion before I took this medicine. It was so bad I had trouble sleeping because I couldn 't breathe through my nose. I also used to get sore throats frequently due to the post-nasal drip. On Allegra those symptoms are gone. I can actually breathe like a human and sleep better. The only side effect is dry mouth but that just makes me drink more water which is a good thing. I am glad this is available over the counter now, but I hate how you only get 10 at a time. 
I have had two episodes of lone a-fib, one 15 yrs ago and one six months ago.  For the earlier episode I was placed on Toprol, Digoxin and Warfarin - it was HORRIBLE, I 've never felt so sick in my life.  This time, I was placed on 240 mg of Diltiazem and Xarelto.  I have been on both for six months with the only minor issue being a bit of excess gas, small price to pay to keep the a-fib away.
I found that while treating my chronic pain, it also alleviated my foggy brain and anxiety and increased my ability to focus.
I have SEVERELY oily skin! I mean I have to blot my face several times a day to literally keep from looking like I rubbed baby oil on my face! I used the medicine as a teen and it worked wonders! Now I 'm 25 and my dermatologist says I still have the skin of a 16 yr old (the oil producing cells in your body are supposed to stop working as well as you age, which is the cause of wrinkles, but mine shows ZERO sign of slowing down) anyway, dermatologist put me on Tazorac which is supposed to fix that, worked ok for a few weeks but still super oily! I asked him for this medicine because I remembered it working so well for me! I 've only been on it a week and WOW I can already see a difference! And for someone with as much oil as me, I appreciate the drying affect of this.
Thank goodness I am not allergic to sulfa! This medication worked like a charm on my roseasa hormonal cystic acne on my chin. I am 48 years old and it took me way too long to discover this miracle! Coupled with clindamyicin my face was clear within days!
I use to take Imitrex but it came to the point I wasn 't taking it because when I did I had to double dose &amp; add in pain killers to knock the migraines to a tolerable level. This pill is way better then Imitrex &amp; it truly works. Other then it taking a little bit longer to kick in than Imitrex, it works better. I usually am able to tell when I 'm getting a migraine and take naratriptan at that time &amp; it will kick it before the migraine does fully.
I 'm 26 and have suffered from severe spots since my early teens.I 've been using this cream for around 3 weeks now. I had quite severe spots on my chin that would become really sore. My Dr gave me duac along with tablets to take for 6 weeks. I 've noticed such a massive improvement already and I 've got so much more confidence. It does dry your skin but I 've started using cleanser and a cleansing oil after washing my face and I 've got no dry skin.Only apply to areas that need it because it can make your face really red and itchy. Overall I think it 's brilliant I 'm so glad I finally went to my Dr 
Well I was just prescribed vyvanse today for Binge eatin disorder (BED) and I 'd have to say I 'm pretty excited. For me I can be very conscious about trying not to eat but I always cave and eat until I 'm sick, especially at night. I have 6 more days of 30 mg and then 60 days of 50 mg. I 'd have to say after the first day I 'm very excited and hopeful as I did eat normal meals and enjoyed them, however I feel no urge to eat the snacks that I don 't need.
I have had mild social anxiety and depression throughout my entire adult life, but as I quit smoking a couple of years ago, both the anxiety and depression ramped up to the point that they were unbearable.  I was afraid to leave my house, afraid to  go out in public, afraid of was what to come next, as my condition was getting worse day by day.  My doctor saw right away that something was wrong and prescribed me Lexapro, 10mg a day.  Ive never been a fan of taking anti depressants or any pills for that matter, but felt like had no choice.  During the six months I took Lexapro my confidence skyrocketed, I learned to be at ease in any situation and felt great.  Stopped after 6 months, but the anxiety nor depression never returned.  love it
So far so good! I switched from Lo Loestrin Fe. I was liking the lo-fe the first 3 months, 3 day periods was amazing. Then months 4-6 I had spotting, break through bleeding, and cramps, sometimes crazy discharge sometimes I was super dry, terrible mood swings, etc.) Anyways, I switched to this because it contained more estrogen and ever since January I 've felt loads better. I don 't see any difference in weight, appetite, or sleep. I have seen an improvement in my mood and concentration/focus since switching to this pill, I feel balanced. My period does last 5 days but my cramps aren 't as bad nor is my period nearly as heavy as when I wasn 't on birth control. 9/10 because I still use condoms and haven 't really tested it 100%
I 'm just starting on my second week of pills, and I 've had no side effects so far! I take it at 8:30 every night, but I usually don 't fall asleep until 11 and I haven 't felt any nausea or sickness! I think it has started to clear up my skin, which is the main reason I started taking it.This is the first birth control I 've ever tried and I love it!
Great! Cleared Hep C genotype 1a with twelve weeks of treatments in combination with Sofosbuvir.  A miracle!
I have been taking Mobic for 4 years now. Having a herniated bulging disc it helped me so much. I had an operation (laminectomy) to cut away part of the disc. 2 years later after the op I have the same problem again along with nerve pain. Without Mobic I couldn 't walk. I also take Oxycontin to relieve all pain. I hear all stories how Mobic damages your liver etc. I 've tried twice to come off it, but straight away the pain is severe along with headaches. 
I have a long history with kidney stones and have been on every pain killer there is. Toradol is the only medicine that takes the pain away!
I currently take Topamax (for migraines) fluoxetine (Prozac)and Klonopin. I had tried Concerta but that &quot;pooped&quot; out on me fairly quickly so I was suggested to try Strattera. I was hesitant at first knowing that there was a very low percentage rate of those for which the drug has actually worked successfully for but knowing my own body and mind maybe it would be a great idea to give it a shot. At first the side effects did start the headaches and the occasional upset stomach but they went away with time as my body got used to the medication and the higher dosage. No matter what, you should give this drug a chance.
Felt positive effects immediately at 10 mg. Had one day of diarrhea and some nausea but that went away when I started taking it after dinner. I 'm going to ask to be bumped up to 20 mg on my next appt. Very happy with Trintellix. Works better than Wellbutrin, Pristiq or Lexapro and side effects are much less.
Very good.
I just want to say that this product has completely changed my life. I used to wake up to sweaty arm pits and I would worry about lifting up my arms all day long, every day. I would wear jackets to cover up the sweating and try to wear white shirts to try and help. Not anymore. I am 100% satisfied with its results. The only negative effect was just a little tingling and itching, but wow was it worth it. I no longer have to worry about my arm pits! Definitely worth every penny.
Just started today, and know this is going to free me from the ball and chain...I have no cravings since I took the pill and have been a half a pack smoker for far too many years, aprox. 40 !!!. From reading all the side effects most people have and having no cravings right off the bat I am considering staying at 0.5 each day for 12 weeks. I do not like taking any meds but have heard recently this product works. Had set a quit date for next week but that has changed to today!!! Good luck to all, Good Life!!!
I have PCOS and for the last two years have struggled with hormonal acne. I went from rarely wearing makeup to feeling embarrassed without it. I noticed changes when I stressed less but over the counter products were not working. My skin was very dry and had even started peeling. Also, I had huge cystic acne clustered on my cheeks and after a few days if using differin they were gone. I didn 't have the initial stage of my acne getting worst. My face is pimple free after a week and a half. It actually has started clearing up my dark spots. (Note: I also take spironolactone daily  for acne as well as medroxyprogesterone 10 days a month for pcos)
Male. 20 years old. Got tested on July 2015 and the results were positive. Started meds on late Septmeber 2015. I had the meds early September but I was so scared to take them because of the side effects. When I started the meds I didn 't have any side effect. At night when I was sleeping my ear was hurting so much because I have otitis media and I think my ear reacted to this meds like this. Anyways, beside that I HAVEN 'T GOT ANY SIDE EFFECT!! THANKS GOD. I haven 't had any headache, diahrrea, dizzyness or vomiting. I 'm so happy I haven 't got anything just the ear pain. Remember, the side effects is always different in each person. Also, try to take this med with multivitamins. I feel a little bit better and less tired.
I have been taking trazodone on and off for about 8 years for insomnia. If I don 't take it I can only sleep for about 2 hours. I take 50 to 100 Mg. If I take 50 Mg I get about 5 to 6 hours of good sleep with no side effects. If I take 100 Mg I will get 8 to 12 hours of sleep but have very vivid nightmares that seem very real and find myself thinking about the dreams for several days. Hope this helps.
I tried it once and loved it. It was like hearing the Beatles for the first time.
It really works for my migraines-no longer in bed and I can work though still tired. 
Works well but is insanely expensive.
I have Endometriosis and chronic pelvic pain. This drug has given me my life back it works well for me and still allows me to function and care for my family. I was prescribed 10/325 three times a day and it does the trick. Soon I will see a pain management doctor and I 'm not sure what he 'll prescribe but we shall see.
Gout is so painful. After first doses of Colcrys had immediate relief. I had fallen on my knee and was being treated for osteoarthritis with no relief. Went to arthritis doctor who told me it was gout in my knee. Went on Colcyrs and I can walk again.
I&rsquo;ve had the liletta IUD for 3 months now, so I&rsquo;ve had a little time to observe how my body feels with it. I&rsquo;ve yet to gain weight, I&rsquo;ve actually lost 8 pounds. (I&rsquo;ve been trying) I don&rsquo;t feel any hormonal mood swings that I would count as out of the ordinary. I do get random cramping and low back pain before my period starts, but it&rsquo;s manageable. My sex drive increased at first, but seems about normal now. I do not feel &ldquo;dry&rdquo; as I&rsquo;ve heard some complain of. And I&rsquo;m still getting a period about once a month-six weeks. It lasts about 12 days instead of 7 but it&rsquo;s light. Overall, I&rsquo;m loving this so far! All those nasty hormonal side effects I had with other methods have yet to appear.
I avoid drugs of all kinds and I 'm a usually healthy person. After suffering years from horribly painful headaches that would leave me vomiting all day and totally out of it (I thought it was due to whiplash injury), my doctor prescribed Rizatriptan 10mg. It truly is a miracle drug for me. I use the melt-away tablets, and find the relief starts in about 15 minutes, and by 30 minutes, any headache is gone. I take them at the very beginning of symptoms. I do get sleepy, so I 've learned that I can just take half a tablet, get the same result, and not feel so tired. I have had very slight jaw pain once or twice, and cutting back the dosage also alleviated that problem.
This stuff is amazing! Had an upper esophagogastroduodenoscopy (EDG) and in and out! no issues and I woke up wanting to go back under! best sleep ever!
I had abnormal uterine bleeding and I didn 't know why. I started passing clots &amp; was bleeding irregularly. I thought, at first, that I was having a miscarriage. I went to my GYN. She prescribed Provera 10mg once a day for 10 days. I just finished my prescription &amp; the only problem that I 'm having now is sensitive breast. Other than that, my bleeding has completely stopped.
Suffering with chronic pain from debilitating spinal injuries, I was always prescribed Acetaminophen containing hydrocodone. I was always getting bad acid reflux and digestive problems I would explain this to my original pain management Dr. And he would switch me from Vicodin to Percocet and the constant stomach issues continued. I switched to a new Pain Dr. I told him I was feeling fatigue and constant acid reflux when taking my pain medicines. He suggested trying A time released pain medicine with no acetaminophen he felt I was taking too much Acetaminophen and perhaps too many pills period (4 pills a day) He suggested to try Zohydro, I Am forever grateful I switched. Great relief of back pain and stomach problems. 10 stars.
After years and years of pain and lack of energy, finally got my life back only after 5 days on it and I am back to be my old me. Love it!!!
I have been using Eskalith for the last 5 years now and it has really help control the mania part of my bi-polar. If you want a good medication to help control your mania I highly suggest this one.
I am a 50 year old male. I did not have a heart attack but did get three drug coated stents. Since I started taking Bystolic there has been a big improvement in my life. Blood pressure was controlled and I do not need a nap at 4pm every day. Thank You Bystolic.
I was diagnosed with Depression when I was 14 years old. Now that I 'm 22 I decided to take control. I was basically a guinea pig by trying all sorts of different medicines to help me feel better. I was just recently diagnosed with anxiety and also PTSD. I started to talk to my doctor after my episode and she put me on Fetzima. At first when I started it it made me sick and nauseous and I was constantly so tired. She helped level the medicine out and put me on Wellbutrin to help keep me less tired. With these medicines,I have been on them for 2 months and I can honestly say I feel normal again. I still have negative thoughts but they only last a few seconds. I love Fetzima. It has seriously changed my life for the better.
Before Zoloft I was depressed, stressed about everything. The depression got worst once my mom was diagnosed with cancer. I began Zoloft a month ago. I am on 200mg along with Xanax. I haven 't had much of an appetite but I am happier and am now able to sleep better. Things don 't bother me and if I 'm upset I feel no urge to harm myself or cry all the time. I am able to be the wife and mother my family needs me to be. Thank you Zoloft.
This is the only medicine that works for headaches. I also take SSRI 's for depression so I cannot take the Triptan drugs for migraines. Two pills and in 30 minutes my headache is completely gone. 
I came to talk about the insertion, which happened about a week ago. I got myself all scared beforehand watching reaction videos but it was totally fine. The doctor prescribed to me some xanax beforehand so I was more relaxed but it didn 't hurt at all. It was a little uncomfortable but I actually laughed at the cramping because it didn 't hurt. It kinda felt cool. Don 't be afraid!
I 've taken Plan B more times than I am willing to admit, but I have had 100% effectiveness with this pill. While I highly, highly recommend regular birth control, sometimes the use of this pill is necessary. I used it three weeks ago after having sex. The condom broke at the last second and he came inside of me. I was so nervous because my ovulation window had fallen right around the same time (like the last few days of the window) and I was seriously praying for the pill to work. I had all of the side effects from the morning-after pill all week long. I 'm happy to say, though, the pill WORKED and I have my period now. Do NOT freak out, I can tell you that using this pill, although it wreaks havoc on your body, is effective!
I started smoking the day I turned 18 and at first it was just as a joke, but over time it became an addiction (I am 4 months shy of being 20). My family and friends hated that I smoked but I didn 't care until about a month ago when I tried to go on a hike and was quickly out of breath - I hated it. I decided to quit smoking and started taking Chantix only 5 days ago. I had planned on smoking through the whole first week but on day 3 I realized that I wasn 't craving it as much, and now on day 5, cigarettes taste absolutely terrible. I do experience some side effects: nausea, fatigue, stomach pain, and amazingly vivid dreams (not scary, unless you count a cat being able to literally multiply every few minutes as scary).
Been on it a week so far and hives finally gone after ten years of daily suffering n different meds!!!
I too am giving this review on the loo. I 'd say its like a salty lemon drink. I was meant to be going to see a panto tonight but has the saying goes oh no your not. Very watery bowel movement can not leave the toilet for longer than 5 mins. I feel like the guy from dumb and dumber when he gets tricked into drinking laxative. Lol. Well hopefully will be clear when go hospital tomorrow. I 'm in the uk too so got on NHS.
I was on Zelnorm for less than a year and it was the best year I had. I had energy, was losing weight, went to the bathroom on a regular basis. Please bring it back.
I love it! My biggest concern before getting it was that it would be painful to insert because that 's what I 'd heard, but it actually wasn 't at all. The doctor numbed the area, which stung a little bit, but after that, I literally felt nothing; he was done before I even realized he 'd started. The most uncomfortable part was the tight wrap that has to stay on overnight.The next day I barely felt it. The 2nd day after, it wasn 't even sensitive anymore. As far as side effects go, I find it interesting that people complain about spotting. With any progesterone birth control there is a probability of spotting. I had random spotting with the patch and the pill. At least with this one I don 't have to remember to take or replace anything.
Amazing. Had mild acne from 19 onwards. Tried everything you can buy over the counter, and tetracycline tablets and Zineryt lotion from my GP. Nothing seemed to cure or get rid of the problem. In desperation asked my GP if she had anything left in the armoury apart from Roaccutane, after a really bad break-out. She said try Epiduo. Absolutely amazing- maybe one spot a month now, for the last 9 months. Never seems to irritate my skin. Please, do try it. All the other positive reviews are so right. It is great stuff. I live in the UK, so 
Makes me tired sometimes and bleed a lot when cut but a necessary drug for me. 6 heart attacks and quadruple bypass surgery all in 1 day. That was Easter of 2008. Still alive...but not the man I used to be.
Was consuming Bydurion 2 MG week, Metformin 2000 MG day, Glyburide 15 MG Day, Crestor 20 MG day, Lisinopril 20 MG day.Added Farxiga 5 MG Day 3 mos ago.   Average AM Glucose was avg 220.  Now 120 every day.  A1C will certainly be down from 9.0.   Frequent urination, but my life is better because of Farxiga.  A definite game changer for me.
Ok,I guess I will start with saying I feel so much better, I have been addicted to opiates for 15 years, first 10 years I put my ex husband and only son thru hell. Lost both of them, went to jail needless to say my life was horrible. Got sober for a little while met my new husband and gained 3 kids. I did good for about a year then bam right back to pill chasing and about to loose it all again. I got on methadone, which is now what I call evil. I was on 120 milligrams for 4 years. I switched to suboxone and did not wait long enough. I had horrible precipitated withdrawal for two days, it has now been 5 days and I feel  wonderful. No more sickness or withdrawal. I take two 8/2 strips a day. It works great for me so far. So much energy.
I fell off of a ladder at work and shattered my elbow and slicing my nerves.  After 3 surgeries over a year period I was still in a lot of pain.  After going through the norco dependence I was finally referred to a pain mgmt doc who first tried Opana to no avail.  I was then put on an extended release Fentanyl patch which worked but did not last near long enough between doses. The doc then put me on Nucynta ER tritated up to 250mg x2/day and it has been a godsend.  I keeps my pain at bay and doesn 't get me high.  I will say that it seems to only last 8-10 hours but I have norco to fill the gap.  Very happy with Nucynta and I feel like I have my life back.  Friends and family say that I am much better to be around as well.  Good luck to you!
I have three little ones. I took these prenatals for the majority of my pregnancies and through nursing. Easy to swallow and I felt better while on vita fol. I have tried OTC and generic prescription...vitafol ultra is my favorite.  Happy momma.  They can be pricey
I was diagnosed with panic disorder over a year ago and basically was a wreck. I couldn 't drive, leave the house, even talk on the phone. I sought out a psychiatrist who put me on Paxil...it helped me get my life back, but, it also made me restless, zombified, and I gained 30 pounds (I 'm normally quite thin)..I moved and got a different doctor who put me on Celexa 20 mg because she claimed it had less side effects and my weight would go back to normal. Boy, was she right. It was a rough week of med transition, but I can sleep again normal, I feel more alert and less groggy during the day, still can orgasm, and I 'm slowly going down on my weight. I love this medication.
I haven 't had a seizure in over 3 years because of this drug. It has helped me so much in daily life that I can 't imagine my life without it. The price is also very reasonable considering what it treats.
I was on Soma for years and had no problem with it. My doctor took my off of it and no other medicine works as well. I am going to another doctor to try to get back on it.
I was wary of Lithium, personal reasons. Then it came to the point of id run out of choices, Epilum was good but the shaking hands made it hard to even hold a pen. So next was Lithium, and its been great. I am on Seroquel and i dont have a bad word about either. Well being in NSW it gets so hot, and i am not good  in the heat, the chemist warned me, and its true. No strenuous exercise, it knocks me around. Even long walks it tells on my body.   Mood wise- i still have lapses but i am not swapping Lithium for anything.  Nor Seroquel, im content.
I have dealt with athletes foot for at least 18 years. I dealt with the itching, scaling, thick skin, odor, and yes thick, brownish, ingrown toenails. I have tried everything under the sun to get rid of it. I even tried the home remedies like soaking your feet in Apple cider vinegar or using Vicks vapor rub on the nails. If I accomplished anything with any of these &quot;remedies&quot;, it was pretty much just to keep the fungus at bay. No better, no worse. So I finally decided to do something about it and try Lamisl tablets.  Started in Oct/2012 and finished in Dec/2012.  Its now June/2013 and my nails look 10 times better.  The thick, brownish color is gone. No ingrown nails. I can wear sandals now!!
When I read all of the reviews I was kind of terrified to start Ceftin, but I had no reason to be! The only side effect I found for the first day was gas and bloating, but it definitely could 've been unrelated. As long as you take this antibiotic with a meal (nothing crazy, doesn 't have to be huge) and take probiotics daily, you should be totally fine! I 've been on it for 4 days and I feel great with no side effects. Tomorrow is my last day, so I 'm hoping my UTI will be cleared out! My only complaint is that because I took the liquid, it definitely was not pleasant to swallow and I found the easiest way to make it tolerable was to mix it with a sweeter flavored drink, as the antibiotic is a bit gritty and bitter.
I 've suffered from anxiety disorder for years and have tried several different medications like Xanax and Klonopin but they made me too drowsy. Ativan works well and has very little sedating effect.
I took the pill 6 hours after the condom broke I was so scared but a week later I started bleeding for about 3 days from the pill and as of today I got my period all I can say is ladies don 't stress the pill works great.
Took Ritalin when I was first diagnosed with ADHD. Because I was older (20 's) and taking such a high dosage (60 mg morning, 60 mg afternoon, 20 mg late day) they changed me to a more sustained release drug.  
Okay so o got my liletta 4 days ago, I 've never had sex never had birth control and the only pain I had (which was really 75% discomfort) was the speculum and having to have my cervix widened/dilated. I didn 't go on my period and I went w/o any ibroprophen..why? I really don 't know but regardless still wasn 't that bad but I have a high pain tolerance and everyone 's bodies different! Day1: moderate cramps like usual light bleeding. Day2: spotting slight discomfort . Day3: slight discomfort no cramps.Day4: light &quot;one drop&quot; spotting.yeah I would recommend this!
I have severe chronic pain from back, neck and knee injuries. Now fibromyalgia, which is a living hell.  I began to have what I call sleep attacks where I would just fall asleep; reading, standing, talking on the phone (embarrassing). I fell asleep standing in the dinning room and hit my face on the table.  That was when I went on this medicine. Has helped tremendously. Have had a couple of attacks on it. But very few. I can drive without fear. What a blessing.  I am worried about side effects. I don 't want to be dependent on this medicine. But I need it, so I follow instructions and pray.
I just got my Paragard today so I can only attest for the insertion. While waiting at my 6 week postnatal appointment I went out on whim and decided after reviewing a few other methods to get the Paragard.  I was a bit nervous with my decision since all the reviews on here mention this excruciating pain and I had not taken and pain reliever prior to my appointment.  I asked for motrin as the nurses got everything ready. It literally took all of 2 minutes to  put in. I felt nothing painful or unusual.  I am spotting a bit but nothing that will soak a liner. I felt this was the best nursing friendly option not to mention that I won 't have to worry about contraception until 2025 (fingers crossed!).
I 've had two of the three injections so far. After the first one last week, my knees were so noisy. They snapped, crackled, and popped when moving. I got the second ones yesterday and these felt alot more fuller and I felt unsteady walking. I have had pain relief, but have also had a few times when I felt a sharper pain when walking uphill. Not sure what that means or why yet. Maybe it 's all part of my knee being more fuller with fluid and not having the healthy structures to rely on to keep it in place properly.
I was diagnosed with collagenous colitis/microscopic colitis in October 2016. After going thru 2 different steroids and &quot;diets&quot; to try to improve my leaky gut this has proven the best yet. I 've been on it since November 2016, 1 packet a day. I was weary at first about taking it because it isn 't well studied but after 3 days of being on it I wasn 't having any more diarrhea. After about a week the cramping went away. I still need to watch what I eat, (not too much dairy, wheat, etc) but this makes it to where I can at least enjoy a meal without having to run to the bathroom 12 times a day. I 've had, I 'd say 3 &quot;flare ups&quot; in between starting this and now. Which are not even near as bad as they were without this medicine.
I read the reviews before my Skyla insertion and I wish I wouldn 't have! It gave me so much unnecessary anxiety. I took 4 Ibuprofen beforehand and felt no pain at all, if anything it was uncomfortable. The whole thing was over in 2-3 minutes and I had almost no cramping. I kept up on my Ibuprofen every 3-4 hours and had some bleeding/spotting the day of, but overall I felt great. I even went out for lunch immediately after my appointment. Everyone 's body reacts differently and in the end I 'm happy with my decision!
So I quit smoking cigarettes with vaping and now I 'm trying to quit vaping with Chantix. I was told as long as there is nicotine in the juice I 'm using it should work. I started week 3 today I 've noticed a decrease for the want/need so I 'm hopeful this is going to work. I just don 't know if I should switch back to cigarettes?? I quit those on Oct 17 last year so it 's been almost one whole year without one.
Works Great
I 'm taking darvocet for a severe toothache and awaiting to have oral surgery. It stops the pain but it makes me so lethargic and sleepy even when I take only a half of a darvocet N 100.
I had smoked for 40 years 2 to 3 packs a day. I enjoyed smoking. I wanted to quit for my children/grandchildren and in particular my father.I had tried everything/ nicotine gum/ hypnosis.Nothing worked, No one thought I could quit because I was so addicted. It took a little longer than 3 months to work but it worked. I have been off cigarettes for nine years.I have not even had a drag of a cigarette in that time. I feel so much healthier and my family is grateful to have me back.
I have been takeing this for a few years. My life has improved so much. I have some side effects and it is easy to deal with. I understand that no drug is perfect and all people are different. However for me this drug has changed my life for me and my family. Im able to deal with the side effects as long as im able to keep my family. Lots of negative info about the drug is online. I get it. Every one has a story. I would recommend this to help others as long as they address thier issues with a positive attitude.
I get episodic Cluster Headaches and taking this medication keeps the headaches from happening.  I took 80mg three times a day the first time it was prescribed, but had to double the dosage this time around.
Combination of Benadryl and Reglan have worked to break 3/4 day migraines for me. You can go to the ER and be treated through IV, but the oral medicines work just as good.
This drug has been a life saver for me.  I had severe upper stomach pain before taking Cymbalta.The pain was gone within two weeks.
I start taking phentermine 07-01-15 I weighed 182.0 I was trying my hardest to lose weight on my own but nothing worked, so I went to my doctor she subscribe me phentermine,and now today I weigh 168.4 so proud of myself I walk just about every day and I eat healthy just about every day so I would recommend this diet pill to anybody
68 years old.  My problem was loss of erection in the act itself.  Wife and I started avoiding sex altogether in order to avoid the congestion and frustration from unfinished sex.  We were frustrated and angry all the time.  Tried Viagra...headaches for days.  Tried Cialis...palpitations (scary ones.)  Levitra 5 mg works in 30 minutes, lasts 12 to 15 hours, well into the next day.  Slight flushing, stuffiness, headache, but worth it.  Major &quot;teenage&quot; erections.  We are doing 2  times a week now, not enough for me, but about all we can manage with busy schedules.  While two-furs and three-furs are great during the night and again the next morning, second and third ejaculations are rare.  Happy couple!!
This product is a life saver. I tried almost everything before I found this and I was almost giving up. Certain Dri really works. My armpits used to be so wet all the time and it was so embarrassing, and it stinks really really bad. I even tried secret clinical strength and that was a waste of money, it made me sweat even more. I only use it twice a week and the whole week I have dry armpits and I smell good all day even with heavy activities, Thank you Certain Dri. I only wish I discovered this product sooner.
Kadian is AMAZING! I 've been a pain sufferer for decades. I suffer from spinal stenosis/spindylosis; cervical neuralgia, etc. I 've had multiple cervical fusions (anterior &amp; posterior) with hardware. Anyone who 's been through multiple fusions knows the pain changes, but never truly goes away. Pain was somewhat manageable with MS Contin, but I would still &quot;pay&quot; for it if I ever pushed myself, traveled, etc. Since 1998, I never had more than a week or two between moderate/severe pain flare-ups. Since kadian, I 've gone as long as 3 months without one! I even flew to Europe for a 10 day vacation (which was a ton of walking/sitting) without any issues! Kadian works and works AWESOME!
I have been taking Levora for a year now and it 's been working great! I have been with the same guy for a year and we do try and use protection and I haven 't gotten pregnant! I have had some side effects when I first started using it. I always wanted to eat, my acne was terrible and I was always crying. The crying was from my face breaking out so badly, after like 4 or 5 months into the pill my acne cleared up and the cravings went away, my face has been clear ever since!
I got the Nexplanon in September of 2013. I have had no period til recently (July 2015). It will I for two weeks then stop for about 4 days then start up again.  I have also gained an extreme amount of weight, 65 lbs, and I can 't get it off of me to save my life.  I 'm going back to the Gyno next week but this is the most dreadful experience ever right now and I 'm not scheduled to get it out til next September.  (2016)
Amazing made me sleep the whole night while I had insomnia. I give it a 2 thumbs up
I was diagnosed a year ago and it was the worst feeling I have ever experienced. I started taking Valtrex and the next day I felt the difference. I have been taking it daily since then and have not had an outbreak! If I miss a day I get scared and think it is coming but it hasn 't yet. I am happy to say this medicine has not only given me a second chance but a new outlook on life.
IT WORKS, I 'm a 24 year old female who suffered from acne on my face, neck, and back for about 10 Years. I 've been taking 20mg for 3 months now. First I broke out then I cleared up and stayed clear. No more shiny forehead and big blackheads on my nose either! Side effects, dryness of scalp, mouth and lips. Drinking water and lots of chapstick helps. The benefits outweigh the side effects greatly! Best thing I have done for my skin!
It works like a miracle l feel young again. There are a few side effects but it is worth the trade off to feel like a man again.
I got my Implanon put in March 2010  because I didn 't get on with the contraceptive pill. I read a lot of reviews before I had the implant and was terrified about weight gain side effects. I was always quite hormonal when I was due my period so that didn 't bother me too much. Since I have had my implant it has been brilliant, when I first got it my appetite did increase a lot and I did put on about 5kg but I exercised and ate sensibly and it soon came off again. I bleed about once every 3-4 months for around 10 days but it is light. The insertion of the implant didn 't hurt. The area was just tender for a few days. I really recommend it as its so easy and you don 't have to worry for 3years. Just watch your appetite. That 's my only advice.
I found out I was bi polar a year and a half ago.  I 've been on antidepressants and antpsychotic meds for that long and still felt lost &amp; like the world was lost to me.  A month ago my new Doctor started me on lithium.  I no longer think of suicide and love to be with my family now.  Its been my savior.  Have had no side effects, except thirst.  I recommend it to anyone who is bi polar.  Life can be good after all.
Okay so I read a shit ton of whore stories and was terrified. DO NOT BE. It only felt like a cramp. The worst part was the first one they put in was a defective iud, but the second one was fine. No pain no nothing.
I was on dicyclomine for about 2 years after having my gallbladder removed and barely worked, I was taking it before every meal but still experienced extreme cramping. One week with cholestyramine and all my symptoms vanished. It was absolutely amazing. I 've been taking it for about 7 months and haven 't had any problems since!
This medication literally saved my life. It kicked in in about a week and has increasingly gotten better since then. Lithium keeps you from feeling the intense overly emotional highs and keeps away the suicidal/hopeless lows. I tried going off of it for a week because I thought I didnt need it, and found myself crying nightly/ getting overly emotional.
I have been taking sulfasalazine for 19 years, the age of my son. As a baby I could not lift him, my wrists were too painful. My rheumatoid arthritis was in 15 joints, symmetrical, etc. I was on the Dutch COBRA study, combining sulfasalazine, methotrexate and prednisone, except I was in the placebo group getting only sulfasalazine. It kicked in after 6 weeks and do far has worked well. Some issues with my left foot started a year ago, but it doesn 't stop me hiking in The Alps for a week.
After the shingles on my neck I was diagnosed with &quot;non specific nerualgia&quot; because having shingles on my neck the virus infected my trigemengial nerve and the chances of the pain going away are far to none. I have tried everything from trigger point injections to high doses of opioids. Nothing really worked on the underlying pain. Yes I would have some relief but the nerve pain was always there. So now after being on maintanence methadone for a year I have started taking lyrica for the past month with really good results. Now I am starting to slowly to come down off the methadone because of the great results from this medication. I was pleasantly surprised. I just hope it can continue the good work.
I was in a low dose Botox trial (300 vs 800) at a military medical facility. Detrol &amp; Ditropan didn 't work. I had frequent urgency, cramping caused by having to hold my urine, and many accidents. I was going to the loo all the time, having to leave meetings and bouncing around at my desk trying to hold my urine for any length (2 minutes) of time. I received botox which by tiny injections at the entrance of my bladder. A little uncomfortable. The next day I had no unusual urge to go, no cramps, no more bouncing, no running to the loo and many Depends a day. I was a totally normal without fear of accidents or ammonia smell for 8 months. It was fabulous - I was a real person again.
I have been taking topamax for 2 months to help prevent severe daily migraines w/ Aura it has helped me tremendously. I did lose 6 lbs the 1st week. Mainly due to diarrhea &amp; lack of appetite. I almost gave up on taking it because of the stomach cramps I was getting but they subsided after the 1st week. I have changed a lot about my lifestyle since taking topamax so I don 't know how much of my weight loss can be attributed to the drug itself but I definitely have lost weight 12 lbs &amp; don 't crave sugar. I stopped drinking soda over a yr ago so I don 't know if it tastes different now. I do want water more than anything, which is fine. It does make you drowsy/foggy but I take my dose at bedtime, I do get weird tingles a few times a day in hands
Been on this medication now for 10 months after Fluoxetine made me worse. This medication has worked wonders for my Panic disorder and depression. Even though I still have these illnesses and it will be a long recovery journey I can say that this medication along with a hospital stay due to the adverse side effects of the Fluoxetine and regular appointments with my CPN and Psychiatrist has really worked well for me.
Having suffered with Acne from my teenage years, the only thing that helped was Dianette The Contraceptive Pill.  As I am now 35 with 2 children this was no longer an option, and the acne came back worse than ever before. So I was seen by a dermatologist and prescribed this wonderful Isotretinion!  Yes I had dry skin and lips, but so worth the results!  After a high dose course lasting 10 months my skin was perfect.  It has been a year since and I am still acne free!  I would highly recommend this anyone who is suffering!
I just got the Kyleena inserted today. I had a baby two months ago and just got my first period. I did not take any medication before or after. The insertion hurt, but it just felt like typical period cramps. I 've had a tiny bit of cramping here and there but I went to work for 10 hours after and went running. I love it so far! I 've had a little bit of brownish bleeding but I 'm pretty sure it 's just from the downfall of my period. I 'll update again in a few months to see if things change. I feel like this is just all for your body. Some people react different than others. Definitely worth a shot. Super quick insertion and removal!
I started this medication 3 weeks ago and like it, I am on the low dose one before bedtime!  Working so far, but may ask doctor to up the dose on my refill!  Have had no side effects that I am aware of at this time!
This medication saved my life. I was severely depressed with suicidal thoughts...felt miserable and completely hopeless. The hardest thing was the first couple of weeks on this drug. I had nausea fatigue headaches etc. But please if you are suffering stick with it. 6 weeks later I am happy hopeful trying new things and loving life. This is a medication that takes TIME so be patient. But it has completely changed my life and I am so grateful.
I am 19 years old and have suffered from moderate to severe acne since I was 13. I had tried everything. And when I say everything%u2026I mean EVERYTHING. Long story short I have finally found something that works for me. Just wanting to share: I have been seeing positive results after taking a women 's multivitamin and a vitamin A. As well as getting prescribed a Tretinoin .05 gel. You can do the research but just wanted to also tell people about those. Good luck! I hope you have to same great results I have!
On my 8th week with Harvoni,  headaches, fatigue and stomach pain,  but light very tolerable.  Had the virus for 40 years, 13 million when I started now not detected. Too good to be true! But it is!!! Got it in the army!!
I have been on Skyla since Dec. 12 2014. So Just over a month. (NO KIDS). Getting it put in felt like really bad cramp with a lot of pressure. They insert the stick and measurer you first. (10 seconds.) They then put the stick in again and put in Skyla (10Sec). I was dizzy and felt sick for a few minutes. It passed. I had cramps for a day and a half. Then I felt great. I was on my period when I had it inserted. They say the cervix is softer and the process will be less painful.  Overall it has been great. No major cravings. My appetite has decreased since I have been off my last birth control (pill.) I cramp once in a while. My first period was longer. I would recommend! Migraine 90% gone! My complexion on birth control is great! Including Skyla.
I have used everything on the market, even changing my diet, more water, and fiber and I was still struggling. I saw Miralax at first I thought, na, just more bad tasting powder. I decided to buy it what could I lose. I am amazed. I feel so much better, an no nasty taste. I put it in my coffee, orange juice, even soda. So easy to use. Thank you for making it over the counter now.
I obtained relief (from swelling, hot, painful knee joints) after religiously taking Glucosamine-chondroitin and calcium for six months, I kept this up with good results until pain returned May 2016.PCP referral to orthopedic surgeon who took x-rays of my hip &amp; both knees &amp; told me there was virtually no cartilage left, bone grinding against bone &amp; bone spurs near both knees. I got Cortisone shot in in the one knee, then following week in the other w then after 2 weeks or so, started the orthovisc &quot;gel&quot; shots in my right knee--once per week for 4 weeks. The needle going into knee was not bad, but, pressure of gel filling knee was uncomfortable, but only for a few seconds. Excellent relief after the 3rd shot w/ good range of motion in knee.
I 've had IBS for many years along with anxiety as well as mitral valve prolapse syndrome. I 've been given several different meds but good old Librax keeps me stable. I do not abuse it which my doc knows but I never run out of having it.   I have found the generic does just as well for me.  It 's an old medicine and many doctors do not choose to use it. I 've taken as many as 5 a day and as few as 1.  It calms me so much better than other meds such as Paxil or Lexapro.   It has absolutely saved me!!
I take 50mg ER tablet 2 X dailyOnce every 12 hours.It gives me an uncomfortable adrenaline rush every so often but otherwise definitely controls my pain levels. I have scoliosis.  It is more of nerves in muscle pain and exhaustion.
I have been using oxycontin for approximately for 5 years, without any major dramas. Some minor constipation in the beginning but sorted that out fairly quickly. 
I have been on this for a while now. I ran out, had to refill my script. I started taking it again, tonight. Within an hour, my thoughts were not heavy, the racing anger was lessened. I feel like a New Person. Thank whoever thought of this medicine. I 'm like most though, the side effects, could be a lot easier on the body. Good luck out there.
This antidepressant is the best one I have been prescribed. I 'm not depressed anymore and I am extremely grateful for that. Although I have never had the urge to eat before I got this medication prescribed. But for me it is a positive thing because I want to get on weight. I was eating so little when I had my depression and my anxiety. Now I 'm satiably eating enough.
I had knee surgery last week and I wouldn 't be able to go through the recovery without Percocet.  Before the pain was really frustrating.  I would wake up at least every 2 hours at night because I would subconsciously move my knee.  I feel its effects within 15 minutes.  Although some pain is still there, it is quite minor, and very manageable. It works.
My 5 1/2 year old son was given this in the past month. We switches from Quillivant XR. This is much better for him. He thinks much more clearly, can focus,  have a conversation.  He doesn 't have the anxiety that Quillivant was causing or the emotional crash when the medicine wore off. It 's very expensive even with insurance since its so new, but the doctor gave us a discount card to make it very affordable and another problem is all pharmacies don 't carry it. Overall much better for his ADHD and less side effects.  His school even noticed an immediate difference.
Works 100% effectively. However, timing will be different for everyone. Works immediately for me every time, however the process is pretty drawn out. For some, it 'll start and be done in a 3 hour time span. Personally, it started about an hour and a half after taking it, but had me running to the bathroom for over 12 hours. This has happened every time I 've used it. So just make sure you give yourself a lot of down time from other activities after you take this. Very effective, though.
After three surgeries to remove dead  and infected tissue in my upper side of my right leg, I was told to soak gauze in this solution for wet to dry packing to be removed twice a day and changed. There is not a doubt my mind that this is, along with other the solution for wet to dry packing to be removed twice a day and changed. There is not a doubt my mind that this is, along with other therapy helped to save my leg and life. The only bad side is a bad adversity to the smell of bleach now as that 's what the dakins smells like.
I started taking this medication several years after a failed back surgery.  Regular pain medicines did not last long enough to allow me to sleep more than 2 hours at a time, so my MD said I could try the patch so the pain medication would last for a longer period.As far as pain control I would say the patch worked very well.  I was just using the 25mcg/hour strength and I started being able to sleep for 4 hours at a time, so I was happy about that although 4 hours still wasn 't great.  I did not ever have any feelings of euphoria, I just felt &quot;normal&quot; finally, and was able to get some housework done that I could not do before because of the constant back pain.  I did have some break-through pain that was relieved with Motrin or Lortab.
Rexulti has given me back my normal life . I have been on Effexor for 5 yrs &amp; it stopped working as well , my anxiety had started to sky rocket . my Psych. added this 1mg a day and within 3 day I could feel a difference . Within 5 days I could fall asleep guickly again , I woke @ 8:30 am after sleeping 8.5 hrs instead of 12 . I have accomplished more in 2 hrs this am than I have for a month. I am relaxed, anxiety is almost gone &amp; it does not make you feel like you are speeding . The only side affect I had was some loose bowels the first 3 days , now all is fine . SOOOOO glad this work , I was afraid that I would have to get my meds changed . It feels nice to be living my life again .
I 've been taking lutera for 6 years now. I really love these pills. I have never had any bad side effects while taking these. Before I started taking lutera my periods were horrible. I used to have debilitating cramps, heavy bleeding, nausea, and vomiting on the 1st day of every period. With lutera my periods last about 3-4 days with little to no cramping. Also, I 've been having unprotected sex with my significant other for almost 5 years now and I have never gotten pregnant. I 'm extremely nervous though because I went to pick up my bc pills today &amp; was told that they are no longer making lutera. I was given some pills called aviane. I 'm just hoping that these pills will give me the same results as lutera did.
Ok,  Here I go.    Thank God for Zoloft.   I 'm 39 and started suffering panic attacks that would last 2-3 months.  I was put on a line of meds which didn 't help until I was prescribed Zoloft.  I started at .25mg for a week and after day 2 my anxiety started to lift and my panic was going away.   Its now been 1 year and I have not experienced anymore Panic episodes or anxiety.  I can 't tell you enough how much it helped me.  I thought I was doomed as nothing worked and I couldn 't go on feeling they way I was. I didn 't want to be left alone as I felt so scared about everything.  My mind was a spinning wheel of negative thoughts and I kept spiralling deeper and deeper until I was given zoloft.
I had a severe ear infection and was given Norco. I am not a regular narcotic patient and knew Norco was fairly strong, but to no avail did it help my ear. It hurt like you 'd not believe, and went to the emergency room for the pain I was experiencing in my right ear. I was given an IV of antibiotics and a dose of dilaudid as well. It helped so much that I even fell asleep while they probed my ear. The doctor ordered a second dose before I was released and then was placed back on Norco for 7 days. Again, 2 days later, my other ear became infected and was again admitted into the hospital for an examination. Another infected ear, the left side this time, and was treated with exactly the same medication with the same results. It works for me.
I was given this medicine due to my chronic migranes and I always used to vomit everything up. Zofran works miracles
I 'm 27 and this is my first BC pill. I can be nervous about taking new meds, but decided to give this a try. I like this pill! The only major side effects Ive noticed are some breakthrough bleeding (which wasnt severe or a big deal for me) and sore boobs. Slightly reduced sex drive. I like this pill cause it 's a low dose and I honestly don 't feel very different from when I wasn 't on it. Everyone is different, but Would recommend trying it.
Doxycycline definitely works!! I 've suffered from moderate to severe acne since year 6 and I 'm now in year 10. I started trying different prescribed antibiotics back in around December last year and I suffered side effects from both of them so my gp put me on doxycycline in January and I couldn 't be happier! During the first 1-2 weeks i didn 't really notice much improvement but after that my skin has cleared up dramatically and I finally feel confident again. Unfortunately what I found was that if you run out of the medication therefore are unable to take a tablet for a couple of days, the acne returns (not severely in my case but all the same) which makes me wonder how long I 'll have to be on the medication for. But definitely 10/10!!
I 'm 38 years old and I 've never taken birth control before, but I started having 3 weeks of bleeding in a month with all the crazy hormone freak outs that come with a period for the same amount of time and I finally gave in to my gyn/ob 's suggestion to try birth control. I feel totally normal again except my sex drive has gone through the roof. Which I honestly have no problem with at all. Consider it a positive. And I 'm not craving as many sweets. Again, a positive. On the whole I 'm very pleased.
After reading many reviews I have to say I was very nervous to start Viibryd. I started on a day off from work. The first 3 days I had a slight headache and very slight GI issues. After taking Tylenol my headache was relieved. Definitely recommend taking with food. I just started week 2 at 20 mg. So far so good. No headache or GI upset. No interruption in sleep patterns so far. I feel very calm taking the medication. I will be excited to see what week 3 brings. My kids and husband thanks Viibryd already!
For some period of time I had a bad cough and diagnosed with chronic bronchitis and prescribed Tussionex - unfortunately there was a very large tumor discovered in my right lung.  I did undergo a painful surgery only to find out the condition was inoperable - I went through chemo and radiation to no avail.  I, however, continued to take Tussionex to cut down on coughing which was painful.  Now one cannot get the liquid which worked for me - I only had to take it once a day, usually in the morning.  I recommend it highly.
This has been one of the best birth control pills I have ever taken. I have a little break through bleeding from time to time but it is usually because I have taken the pill earlier in the day than normal or vice versa. When I take this pill around the same time every day, I do not have any break through bleeding. Periods are light and average 3 days. My periods used to last 7 to 8 days and were very heavy. Bleeding is only heavy on day one. Some months I do not have a period. I did not have any issues with nausea or headaches. I did gain about 5 pounds. Cramps are minimal.
Lyrica has its pros and cons like any other medicine in the market. Lyrica has helped me in many ways including neuropathic pain and depression together with other antidepressants. The only side effect that bothers me a little is the fact that I feel tired most of the time but I can still function with a lot of calmness.On the other hand I have tried every single medicine for insomnia during the last 12 years with not so great results until I found this medicine. Now I sleep like a baby at 150mg twice a day.
Great after prostate cancer operation. It helps you when you need it.
I feel as though I 've been given a second chance at living. I am enjoying life for the first time in many years. I will be dropping off my walker, crutches and chair lift at the Goodwill this week (you may think I 'm kidding--I 'm serious). I do fear that the change might be temporary  but, I 'm going to enjoy everything while the pain is gone! (Five weeks pain free).
I have been on it for almost nine years now. I started having anxiety about 10 years before then and I struggled through almost anything I set to do. Since my doctor put me on paroxetine, I 've been myself again. Totally calm. Can 't believe I didn 't get to know about it earlier. It 's a God send.
I started using Ciprodex, and in 24hrs, massive change and improved difference. The ear swelling came completely down which was a huge relief. Now just waiting for the hearing to come back once the clog goes away. It feels like its sooo close to being normal.
I just had the Mirena IUD inserted yesterday. Even though it 's been a short time I wanted to give some information that I found lacking on the internet to new users. Insertion was painful but bearable. I was crampy for about an hour afterwards but after about an hour the most unrelenting cramps started and I was in so much pain I was sweating and had palpitations. I took 800 mg ibuprofen before getting it inserted and took another 800 mg after and got no relief. I used a heating pad and also got no relief. Two doses of 50 mg tramadol later (roughly 8 hrs after getting it inserted) the cramps disappeared and I have only had very mild twinges a couple of times today. Don 't worry that you 'll be in pain forever; you won 't! It passes quickly.
While this medicine may not be for everyone, it 's helped me immensely. I was diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder and depression. I was having intense mood swings where I 'd alternate between being so anxious I couldn 't sleep for days and then so depressed I couldn 't get myself out of bed in the morning. I felt like I didn 't matter anymore and that I could stay in bed all day since no one would realize I wasn 't there. I started out on 10mg of Paxil for 4 days before increasing to 20mg. After a few weeks the effects started to wear off and I fell into a deep depression, so my dosage increased to 30mg a day. I take it before bed, and all my insomnia problems have gone away. It 's done wonders for me. I have my life back.
Originally I didn 't give this drug a serious try. I thought it was some placebo and I didn 't take it seriously. After a massive relapse I decided to really put for the effort and take it 3x a day. I 'm so glad I did. I have so much power over alcohol now. I 've been sober for 8 months. I work around booze everyday and I 'm around serious alcoholics at my job and I don 't ever even think about it. I wish I could kiss the makers of this drug. They gave me my life back. They gave my kids a mother and my kitchen an awesome chef!
I had an opiate problem for two years. I went to plenty of rehabs and all they kept telling me was that I would detox myself off of it. It wasn 't easy. I would be in rehab for weeks, even still withdrawing they would let me out. So as soon as I got the free chance from Rehab I would go right back to opiates. When my family finally realized what was going on in my life, they threw me into the best rehab in Vermont. I was there for two months and throughout it all they helped me out. They didn 't make me detox on my own. They allowed me to try Suboxone. It helped me through so much. 
1st experience: On September 2, 2014 got my period and it ended on the 5th, had intercourse on the 12th ( the condom slipped off) went to get plan B at Target about 2 hours later. I started spotting the very next day [13th] , however, I only spotted on the 13th and didn 't get my period until the 12th of October. Plan B tends to mess with your cycle so I didn 't get my period again until the 8th of December. 2nd Experience: got my period on April 17, 2015, had intercourse the 12th of May (condom broke ) I got plan B about 30 minutes later, however, I didn 't spot the next day like I did the first time when I took plan B on September 2014. I was supposed to get my period May 15 th, but I finally got it today [May 20th]. Don 't worry it works!
Can 't sleep. All other things are good.
May not always numb it, but makes it bearable.
I am 60 with degenerative joint disease, scoliosis, stenosis of the spine. My L joints have had countless injections and 3 rounds of RF Ablation.  My S-I joints are constantly in pain but the L-joints get some relief from the RF Ablation. I currently take a combination of Gabapentin and Tramadol-Acetominophen. I have tried many other drugs. This combination is the most effective with the least side effects. The pain is lessened by up to 50%. I do get a positive well being feeling. (Other drugs left me with a negative, not-wellbeing feeling.) On occasion I have experienced increased libido. I only take when the pain gets really bad.
Savella works great. But the 1st week of side effects while titrating are uncomfortable. After that, it 's great for energy, pain and brain fog though it takes a couple months to see dramatic improvement. People who stopped taking it after the 1st week didn 't take it properly and aren 't giving it a real chance. It 's not a pain pill; doesn 't work instantly. Important to remember: Take it early and with food. I take it at 5 am and 2 pm (7 weeks now). If not taken correctly, it 'll cause headaches/nausea. Don 't give up; give it 2 months to work. Doctors also aren 't telling patients: It 's an SNRI so don 't take it with other serotonin affecting antidepressants or it 'll make you sick (serotonin syndrome). Give it a chance; Savella helps A LOT.
Worked very well and quite quickly. By Day 3 symptoms were gone. No side effects.
I 've used Zithromax 6-Paks for years to treat chronic sinus infections. They always work and have virtually no side effects for me. I have noticed that I need to take the treatment twice for a persistent sinus infection. Usually, one treatment does it. Azithromycin is the ONLY antibiotic that does NOT give me terrible side effects such as stomach aches, cramps, headaches, dizziness, &quot;brain fog&quot;.
I 've been on Tramadol for about 2 years after a car accident for severe upper back &amp; neck muscle pain.   It has helped me for the burning pain, but not at all for sharp pains.   Overall I think it is more effective than the Oxycodone/APAP that I 've taken.   I also take it without food and my stomach never hurt.  It works almost exactly an hour after taking, and for me it controls the burning pain for about 4-6 hours.  I take 100 mg. at a time - I 've found that only taking 50 mg. at a time doesn 't work.
This medicine has been a life saver for my anxiety and depression. By the second day I felt the difference. I have taken a great number of other medications and they didn 't help as much as Seroquel or didn 't make any difference besides making me more anxious. Now I feel calm (something I 've never really experienced ever) and more clear minded. I take the pill at night and I sleep like a baby. I am truly thankful for this. It has given me my life back. I would give it a 10 but the only the con I have is the fatigue I experience in the morning but a cup of coffee takes care of that. Overall, if you are crippled by this horrifying illness, you may consider giving Seroquel a chance.
After I had my son I got mirena after it reach its expiry my doctor recommended liletta and I love it. I got it in fall of 2016, the insertion was the same as mirena, it feels like a bad cramp probably lasted about 5-10 min no nausea or problems the past year,  occasionally I will feel it during sex depending on the position Hubby and I are in but we just switch positions. Periods went away, I 'll get moody or have occasional cramps/back pain every few months I 'm assuming for my period but that 's it, I started spotting once a few months ago at night barely anything , but no bleeding
Axert is my miracle medicine. Can sometimes take up to 1 or 1.5 hours (or longer) to take effect, but works faster for others. Works best in conjunction with Tylenol/Advil. Not only does it COMPLETELY relieve all migraine symptoms, it also relaxes my tense muscles (other triptans cause muscle spasms). No unpleasant side effects, only sleepiness (usually if I stay active I can combat this without trouble, but if I lie down I 'm out like a light) and increased urination (really). I literally don 't know what I would do without Axert.
I have been on Reclipsen for about a year now. I have definitely noticed a decrease in sex drive which has caused some issues. Some emotional ups and downs but I guess that is to be expected. I 'm not sure if it is related to the birth control but I have noticed some weight gain which has been hard to control but I have had no breakthrough bleeding and altogether I have been pretty pleased. I can honestly say it has worked well as a birth control for me seeing as I haven 't gotten pregnant and I have been on the pill for over a year now.
I have struggle with acne since 7th grade and my acne has always been my biggest insecurity. I am now 20 years old and have been on different medications, used different topical creams, and every moisturizer and face wash out there. My doctor finally prescribed me accutane and it is a miracle pill. The only side effect I experience was dry lips but it was worth it because my acne is gone. I would recommend this to anyone because it works and I have never been so confident
It 's a God 's gift for me...I am a male 25 years old.. I wasted my 4 years of several face wash and different pills but nothing works... at last I decided to take this drug when starting I take 40mg for a day.. but 40mg is over dosage for me. It causes severe side effects like lips  full red and face turn into black... I really disappointed..and then after one month everything turns back to my normal. By that time I noticed my acne is gone.. and then I decided to take 20mg for a day..yes this is the correct dosage for me and without side effects... only lips are chapped that 's all. I am using this now 33d ays finished now I am feeling ok...
I love this medicine. It has helped me stopped smoking plus it gives me much needed energy. No side effects.
I started 10mg of  brintellix over a month ago for depression.  no side effects or any issues,i feel great!
I got prescribed the Reglan, for my nausea, and gastroparesis, and I only need to take two or three days worth and not the full months worth, it works great, except for one of the minor side effects that I get every time I take it. I would recommend it to anybody who has nausea, gastroparesis, GERD.
Generess was recommended by my ob/gyn as it was new to the market and with low dose progestin. I take this to regulate my periods due to pcos. I have taken it for close to a year and I love it. Great taste,  no side effects. Can 't say if it has any advantage on acne as I have mild acne anyway,  but it did not worsen. No weight gain. What sucks the most is now the manufacturer does not provide a coupon anymore and the generess website is pretty much a blank slate. What happened generess? This med is VERY  expensive without a coupon. I did alot of research and found there is a generic for it with no copay for me!  Let 's see how it goes! I hope it works well. Fingers crossed.
Works fantastic.
If I could have afford it, I would still be on it!  Since I suffer from Sphincter of Oddi Dysfunction (Hepatic region) my Doctor felt that this medicine would really help since it is already broken down causing a major decrease in possible liver damage from daily, major pain relief.  It worked really well, but it would have been way over $200 a month.
I 've been on Mononessa about 7 years now I believe and absolutely love it. I first went on it because of heavy periods. My periods are now very light and last about 4 days. I don 't remember any crazy side effects when I first started taking it.
About 3 months after having my 3rd, my ob/gyn convinced me to try Mirena. It 's been 6 months now and I 'm so happy with my decision. I am back to my pre-baby size, my skin cleared up, and my periods are very light- typically lasting 1-2 days. I am still able to breast feed, it did not affect my supply at all. No problems with brittle nails or hair. I have never felt any pain from the threads, neither has my husband. The only annoying thing about the Mirena was the horrible spotting I dealt with for the first 2-3 months. While insertion was uncomfortable, it wasn 't painful. I love my Mirena!
I used Chantix and completely quit on the 6th day and have not looked back.  That was 3.5 years ago.  I do think Chantix can be dangerous, on the other hand, what could be worse than lung cancer, COPD and the any number of illnesses caused by smoking.  My only side effect was fatigue for the first 2 weeks.  My doctor wanted me to stay on Chantix for 6 months, which I did.  And he had me wean off the over a 6 week period.  I was a heavy smoker - at least a pack a day.
It works every time, however takes about 3-4 hours to provide relief. The only reason why I don 't give it a 10 is because it gives me yeast infections every time.
Well just have start by saying so far so good.  I have read other comments and was scared to start this but it is day 2 and I feel great.  I had no side effects, since I told my doctor that I binge eat at night she advised to take the pill around 5 PM.  7:00 o clock came around and I had no desire to look for a snack or have a cup of coffee.  I started to pack my kids lunches and didn 't touch a snack which was something I always did.  I had Gastric Bypass in 2003 starting weight was 305 got down to 165 at my lowest, which was great since I 'm 5 '6 and at my lowest I wore a size 6.  I saw the doctor because I started gaining weight and presently are up to 216 lbs.  I refuse to gain it all back.  I will get write again in a week.  Good Luck
I am a 14 year old girl and last year when in 8th grade I found out I was ADD. My doctor prescribed me Vyvanse. At first it took me a couple weeks to find out what worked for me (when to take it, eat first or after etc.). My grades at the time were horrible and they went up after I started taking Vyvanse. I have had a few of the side effects (dry mouth, loss of appetite, weight loss etc.) but this medication helps me focus a lot more.
I hope people aren 't deterred by other reviews on this site.  Typically people go online to leave bad reviews.  I, on the other hand, have had a GREAT experience with this birth control thus far. I have been on it for about a month and have had no side effects!  Before Mircette  I tried EVERYTHING- Sprintec, tri-sprintec, the patch, the ring, Yaz, etc.  A lot of pills made me very moody, anxious, depressed, or excessively fatigued.  Some pills made me very sick to my stomach.  Mircette has been awesome.  My hormonal acne has already cleared up, I don 't get upset to my stomach at all, and I haven 't experienced mood swings.  I am thrilled that I finally found a birth control that works for me.  I HIGHLY recommend trying it.
I had my wisdom teeth out and a few days later my pain medicine made me constipated. I felt that I had to go and I tried but it hurt sooooooo bad!! So I had my mom go out and get me this and I took some before I went to bed and in the morning it kinda worked. (I didn 't drink enough). Then I took some more in the morning and it worked like a charm.
I started having seizures about 3 years ago. Found out I had a tumor on my left temporal lobe. Started taking carbamazepine, it worked for about a month or two but I started having seizures again. That 's when my doctor put me on keppra and I haven 't had a seizure since. Thanks keppra!
Very effective medicine. I got 4 wisdom teeth extracted and was prescribed it. Took a while before it kicked in but when it did my pain was completely gone. Lasted about 3 or 4 hours. I didn 't experience many side effects, other than slight constipation and a small sense of dizziness. I slept perfectly fine while on it. 
I have had Mirena for a month now. I switch to Mirena because I has absolutely no sex drive on the pill! The insertion was pretty painful (probably like an 8 out of 10) and the cramping has been bad at times, but not always. I also spotted for like 4 days after the insertion. Since having Mirena, my sex drive is back to normal and period was very light! Only required a light tampon at the max but for the most part just a panty liner which is awesome! I would recommend this to anyone who wants an easy form of birth control or for anyone who wants their sex drive back.
53 yrs old. Coming on for approximately 6 months I couldn 't think or remember anything. Stayed in bed for days (retired). My face would grimace. Hands and feet would just &quot;have&quot; to move trying to &quot;make the feeling stop&quot;.  Relatives said I was avoiding answering direct questions. I was scaring myself, went to doc. Already on an anti-depressant, he added valproic acid 250 mg 2x a day. Worked perfectly for 13 days, then stopped. Went back in and he said just hang in there. After another 10 days, it started working again. Every once in awhile &quot;it&quot; comes back, so I take a pill maybe a bit early. Stayed on 3 a day. It has been a miracle for me. Today, I took apart my ceiling fan that had been broken for 2 years and wasn 't afraid to do so. 
Hands down the BEST acne treatment I 've ever tried. Been on many, tried a lot of different products. Hormonal/food triggered acne has been a part of my life since 13. Tried aczone from my dr at 28 and haven 't looked back for a year. Doesn 't dry out skin, I feel a breakout coming in, put it on at nighttime and breakout gone completely in 1-2 days. Give it a try! Works fabulous :)
Guys! This is a wonder gel! Please try it if you have acne problem. I had acne at the start of the year and everyone started to ask about my acne. I felt ashamed. My cousin recomended this. My skin started clearing after a few weeks. Less than one month!
This is a miracle medicine for me. I 've been plagued by anxiety all my life. My Dr recently added 0.5mg clonazepam twice a day to the 115mg Effexor I am taking.I am happy, relaxed and finally able to enjoy life and work.
I started taking Fastin a few days ago after I read so many good reviews...I must say that I did take the advice of so many others and started with half of the pill. It seemed to put me in the best mood and my energy level went through the roof. Not to mention..I wasn 't hungry at all. Yes it did make me feel a bit jittery so I drank a lot of water and had to pee quite often. Don 't drink anything with caffiene in it while taking this because it makes you even more jittery, plus if you work in the heat be careful because I felt like I was having hot flashes but wow...it is definitely worth it. Lost a couple of lbs already. Well worth it for me.
Took 10mg twice per day for 3 1/2 months - lost 20 pounds.  Within 5 pounds of my goal, reduced to 10mg once daily October 1 and noticed psoriasis returning slightly.  Psoriasis had cleared up completely for the first time in 30 years about 2 weeks after starting Belviq.  Weight is stable at goal, but still taking Belviq for psoriasis control.  Belviq is not an appetite suppressant or stimulant.  It works on the subconscious level.  Before  starting it, I might overeat for irrational reasons like &quot;There 's only a bit of food left over, I 'll just eat it instead of storing it.&quot;  or &quot;I 've already eaten too much, another bite won 't matter.&quot;  With Belviq, those thoughts just never occur.  I drink 2 quarts of water daily and eat when I 'm hungry.
Since I was about 26 I have suffered from migraines (now 65) and tried everything from daily preventative meds, to expensive self injecting &amp; very expensive medication, then cafegot suppositories with 3 aspro clear for the pain, I could spend hours and days feeling like dying and vomiting non stop, then there was a shortage of cafegot and that was hell, and finally they took it off the market, that is when my Dr. asked me to trial Maxalt wafers, at first I thought nothing could replace cafegot and I was very conscious of not taking ergotomine with rizatriptan. Maxalt is the best, it works within an hour, and so far after 4-5 years no side effects at all, and no more vomiting ever.  Also I do not take any other drugs for anything, but Maxalt.
After being out of school for 7 months with severe gastrointestinal problems, I developed extremely severe depression and horrible anxiety with worrying about turning in work and working toward graduation (I 'm a HS senior). Before this I had never had any mental issues. At first, I didn 't want to take more mind pills; the thought of altering my mental state was a bit frightening to me. However, after being on Prozacfor 8 weeks, I feel totally changed in a good way. I can think about items of concern and work through them without starting to worry or become extremely upset. My mind is FINALLY free from a huge amount of stress. This in combination with as required Xanax for anxiety attacks has helped me tremendously. Highly recommended.
My primary care doctor prescribed indomethacin and I couldn 't tolerate it because, among other things, it made me itch badly and my ears rang a lot.  I told my podiatrist and he suggested methprednisolone because I only have to take it for 6 days per episode and likely, it would not make me itch or cause ear ringing.  Well, he was RIGHT.  The morning after my FIRST DOSE, I felt relief.  The pain had substantially decreased and I was walking normally again.  After 2 days, the pain was GONE.  I still finished the dose as instructed though.  I didn 't have another episode for 6 months and after my first dose during the 2nd, my pain was gone.  This is a great drug and not having to take it every day when I take so many other meds is a God-send.
After dabbling with Viagra and dealing with the unfortunate side effects of muscle cramping and headaches my doctor gave me a sample of Cialis. I love it. For five years I 've been taking daily dose of 5 mg however I space them about three days apart. At $11 a Cialis pill for 5 mg, three days apart always keeps me   Ready for action. When I run out of medicine the one pill has an effect for about 72 hours. That 's not bad. Recently, my brother telling me about his experience with some generics he has been getting and he gave me a link and I tried it. Getting 120  pills of 20 mg each of Tadacip, the tradename for the active ingredient to tadalifil, which is Cialis, I took a single 20 and four days later still awake and perform with a powerful erection. At a cost of $1.20 for each 20 mg pills from India, I 've been cutting them down  to 5 mg and have now begun my 5 mg every three day regimen at a cost of about $.30 per cut pill or $.10 per day,pretty cheap.  An added bonus is it seems to slightly lower my blood pressure.  At 6 feet, 210 pounds, and age 60, the Cialis really is a game changer and I perform like I 'm in my 20s again.
Well, I promise if you are reading these reviews they are all true! I have been on the toilet for the last hour, stuff just streaming out of me. I have been incredibly constipated for the last few weeks and I remember my mom always used mag citrate whenever she was really backed up, and oh lord do I know why, I don 't think there is a single bit of poop left in me but it just keeps coming out. The only downside is that my bottom kind of feeling a bit hot, and that my stomach won 't stop making these god awful noises, my boyfriend was like oh my god what 's wrong with you hahaha. But as everyone else has said be prepared to be on the toilet for a while.
It happens. During my fertile time with ZERO contraceptives. Took Plan B 43 hours later. Got my period 7 days later for 5 days, then again 9 days later. But hey, I 'm not pregnant! It works. No side effects for me other than a light headache 1 hour after taking the pill that lasted a few hours.
I have had a very positive experience with Tasigna. Very little side effects compared to the Gleevec. My body seems to tolerate it much better than the Gleevec.
This medicine is expensive, but it works.  My son started taking this 4 weeks ago.  He has experienced no side effects and it is working like magic on his mania.
ABSOLUTE LIFE SAVER. I am 25, a sober alcoholic (2 years) and diagnosed with MDNOS. I would love to get a real diagnosis - bipolar is as close as they 've come, BPD is my personal view. Lamictal seriously changed my life. It leveled me out so that I could live my life and not have terrible bouts of sobbing in the closet wishing to die and screaming at people at the same time. I was still not super happy, so we added Lexapro, which helped a lot and Celexa later (instead of Lexapro), which helped more. Really want to switch to Wellbutrin XL now because I have no sex drive which is detrimental to my relationship, plus I 'm late for work pretty much every day and could sleep until 1PM. But I will never go off Lamictal, serious life saver.
I have lost 30 lbs in four months. I am starting school and feel the best I have felt in 10 years. It has been life changing to me I am on Vraylar 3 mg.
I was put on Femara after my radiation and had terrible debilitating side effects. My bones and joints were in constant pain, the headaches and hot flashes were frequent. My oncologist took me off and put me on Aromasin. What a difference! I occasionally get ringing in my ears and an upset stomach but thank goodness nothing like the Fenara.
I have been constipated for YEARS. Since I was about 16, and I 'm now 24. I tried everything from changing what I ate to fiber gimmies and drink mixes, two laxatives, and vegetable laxatives, milk of magnesia, I even drank magnesium citrate. It has been a constant struggle with bloating and cramping. I could gain up to 5 pounds and I was constipated for more than a week, and that even made fitting in my clothes difficult! Send using Lindzess I am never constipated!! I take it every other day, and that is enough for me. My movements aren 't hard, but they aren 't diarrhea either...play with it and take it as you need it,  but it surely is a miracle pill.
I actually miss taking Accutane. I finally decided to take it after years of bad cystic acne and nothing else working. It took about a month to start working but I was only on 20mg a day. It was a Godsend. Despite being on such a low dose of it (I think the average is 40mg a day), accutane worked wonders. The only side effects I had were dry lips and dry skin, both of which were worse in the winter (Thanks Chicago). Since going off it, I get little pimples again and my oily skin and hair came back. I wish I was still on Accutane because it was nice not having oily skin lol.
I was put on Levaquin due to a nasty kidney infection that was found (finally) after I went to the ER because of severe seizures. I have epilepsy, Pallindromic arthritis, and Lupus. After reading this information. My husband picked up the script for me and he was told that these needed to be taken at the same time. Now I am bothered because the side effects of this drug are very much like what I live with daily (joint pain, rashes, seizures, insomnia, etc). I am wondering if this drug is really a good fit for me? But my kidney is GRATEFUL.
I take 3x 75mg throughout the day. I feel sedated on it sometimes but I can function. I have no anxiety and depression episodes never get below a point. My mood is way more stable and I don 't ever get the huge downers but occasionally still get the big highs. Usually I am just feeling content which is where I want to be.It has saved my life and I can now hold down a job and get back to Uni.
I love this birth control. I 've been on the pill for about 6 months and I still have NO Side effects, well I do eat alot. I 'm now 159 lbs but that 's okay. I got on this pill for birth control but mainly for acne, and it works so great. It gets worse before it gets better, I recommend this pill for everybody. Try it.
I 've been on Loestrin 24 Fe for about 3 years. When I first started taking it in was absolutely convinced that I was pregnant. I had more pregnancy symptoms than my actual three prior pregnancies. Luckily that experience faded after the first month and now Loestrin is just part of my morning coffee and has very little effect on me. Except that I find my PMS symptoms are wicked. Pros: very light periods but just enough to reassure you. Cons: Lower sex drive, Costly if not covered by insurance.
I am on 120mg of Cymbalta to treat my chronic depression, PTSD and anxiety (severe child abuse survivor and adult sexual assault survivor), and chronic pain (spinal disorder required fusing all but one vertebra in my neck and the vertebra in my lower back; plus severe arthritis in my knees, hips, and both AC joints). I have been on 24hr narcotics, Ativan, and many antidepressants. Of course narcotics work, but they caused me to have heart problems. Ativan is great, but doctors are reluctant to prescribe long-term. I thought the panic attacks, insomnia, hot flashes, obsessive worry and dread, gloom, weepiness and loss of interest in everything would be forever. Cymbalta helped me get my life back.
I quit cold turkey for 6 years and then had a slip, I went on Habitrol and it made quitting amazingly easy by comparison. I had another slip and went on Nicoderm, the itching sensation literally drove me mad and I ripped it off and through it in the garbage. Habitrol had some very mild itching as well but it was easily manageable and dissipated shortly. My mom was told she was having an &quot;allergic reaction&quot; to Nicoderm because the itching was very severe and I 've known a handful of people personally who experienced the exact same thing, a maddening itch, sometimes even an actual rash from Nicoderm patches. Habitrol was way better for me and I would without a second thought-recommend it over Nicoderm.
Worked wonderfully. Was on Bactrim for a week with no relief, but after my first pill of Cipro I felt 100 times better and was sleeping through the night. On my fourth day of taking and no side effects and feeling awesome.
Had my first injection today. No big deal at all. After reading all kinds of reviews I was anticipating a rough experience. In and out of the office in  20 minutes then off to work.
Excellent and I love that it increases my appetite since I have a hard time eating. Helps calm me so I can sleep.
Was prescribed this med years ago for anxiety.   I take 300 mg three times per day. morning, noon, and night.The  doctor is about to up the dose a bit because I 've been on the same dose for so long, and sometimes I get extra anxious or can 't sleep so asked if I could have the option to take an extra when I need it. This medication is amazing... I can 't say enough about it to be honest. It has helped me so much live my life without that constant nagging anxiety, social awkwardness, and it helps regulate my moods as well !
My 11 year old daughter started taking this a week ago and for the first time in her life she is breathing through her nose. As  a result she 's not waking up exhausted.  Hallelulia!
This Zicam product works wonders it completely takes the worse conditions of Nadal congestion and makes it feel like you never had a problem after you use it. It 's a secret remedie that 's for sure
As a fence contractor I was bitten on the chest by a lyme tick which was incorrectly removed.  I did have an ecchymotic area surrounding the bite but not the characteristic bulls eye erythema migrans rash.  After three months I developed a fever of approximately 102 which persisted for a month.  Weakness,  sweats and phantom sun rashes led me to conclude the strong possibility of Lyme infection.  I began taking doxycycline hyclate which appears to be the best orally tolerated form  of this antibiotic for most people.  I took an initial dose of 200mg daily divided as 100mg q. 12hrs or twice daily.  My fever dissipated slowly over a week and other symptoms went into remission,  some of which were so subtle I did nit attribute them to Lyme.
I have suffered from major depression for over 20 years.  The past 2 1/2 years have been devastating.  I have now treatment resistant depression.  I have been on all of the &quot;modern&quot; and some &quot;old school&quot; antidepressants including Lithium and MAOIs.  I have had 2 rounds of ECT treatments in the past 2 years.  They have knocked the suicidal ideation for a little while but this most recent round of 12 required &quot;Maintenance&quot; sessions.  I have had 3 maintenance ECTs then my psych doc prescribed me Provigil.  I started at 100 mg for 2 weeks then upped it to 200 mg. for the past 2 weeks.  I have made it through the holiday season feeling the best I have in years. Now I am back to the way I was before my depression.   Don 't know why but it works.
After being backed up for over two weeks, being asked how many months pregnant I was, and several suppositories, I tried MC grape flavor. It tasted AWFUL! Within 15 mins, I finished the bottle and immediately felt nauseous. An hour later I threw up like it wasn 't anyone 's business! 3 hours into it, I decided to use fleet liquid glycerin which helped my pass the &quot;plug&quot;. I then went 3 hours with nothing. For the past 2 hours, I 've rushed to the throne and have made it rain! I 'm talking massive explosions and I know there 's still more. I 've probably lost 5lbs thus far, no lie! I highly recommend taking MC on an empty stomach because you will feel nauseous. Stay hydrated &amp; use baby wipes. I longer look 7 months pregnant!! Happy pooping!!  :)
I 've had my Mirena in for 4 years. The reason I got it in is because I had bad endometriosis pain and symptoms. Since then the 1st couple of months I had a lot of bleeding and cramps but then my  body adjusted to it all and life has been great! I 'm able to function properly again and have never felt this good. I don 't get any period bleeding either. Just some light spotting now and then. I love it. Since I 'm not ready to have kids yet, I will probably get another one put in soon.
I started at 10 mg on this, but quickly went to 25 mg, as the pain was too much. Now I&acute;ve levelled it to 20 mg per day, in the evening, and it has been wonderful, This, along with a careful diet, have helped and almost put in remission my IC symptoms. Side effects for me include grogginess, but that&acute;s wearing away the more I take it and, for sure, a huge spike in my apetite, which I&acute;ve had to be careful about as I don&acute;t want to gain weight on it. It&acute;s not a miracle drug, but it worked for me, and I think anyone suffering from this condition should give it a try.
I had moderate to severe depression on and off, mostly on, for years.  Nothing seemed to work, until I tried Abilify. I take about 2-3mg a day. I have been on it for five years now with no side effects and no recurrence of depression symptoms.  
Had very embarrassing sweating problems for the past 5 years and have tried everything from &quot;clinical strength&quot; deodorant to using a special crystal rock-none can even compare at ALL to Hypercare. It has changed my life for the better and now I feel more comfortable at work and wearing new styles. It does burn a bit after applying, but the pain is totally worth the outcome of having dry armpits. Best product I 've used. Cheers to Hypercare.
I 've suffered from nerve damage for 10 years. I 've taken most all the medications prescribed for pain. I 've always needed to up my dose after short periods of time. I finally got tired of it not being able to function because the amount need to take the pain away would make me loopy or high. So I was put on methadone. Took that for 6 years still needing to up my dose 1-2 times a year. At end I was taking 12 pills a day. Found a doctor who suggested Subutex. I now have been on Subutex for 1 1/2 years not needing to raise my dose. I 'm taking 20 mg or 2 1/2 pills a day compared to 12 pills a day. Insurance fights me every 6 months saying it 's only for addicts. I submit extra paperwork from my doctor. It 's quite expensive too but worth it.
I 've been battling acne ever since I was a teenager, and now I 'm 23, still battling acne until here recently. I had heard about Differin, and how adapalene can help stubborn acne. I purchased the gel about 2 weeks ago, and I must say my breakouts are almost gone. I dealt with dryness and a burning sensation the first few days, but my skin got used to it after that. What helps is washing your face, applying moisturizer, and THEN applying the differin. This makes it less harsh for the skin. I can 't wait to see how my skin will look in 2 months. Don 't give up on this stuff, it 's a work in progress.
Lowered cholesterol from 290 's to 170.Side effects: More tired than when I don 't take it.Can 't eat grapefruit or products that contain it.Anything consumed with yeast solids (unfiltered beer[Blue Moon], yeast based vitamins[Foodform Manna], yeasty breads, etc.) causes constipation.
My hands were so dry from work and corn huskers lotion made them feel better almost immediately. Within days my hands were back to feeling normal.
Low estrogen is a very common thing in my family. I told my doctor about this, and she prescribed Tri-Sprintec, because it has triple the amount of estrogen found in women. If you don 't have low estrogen, and you are using Tri-Sprintec, of course you are going to experience unpleasant side effects such as acne, mood swings, weight gain, etc. I 've been taking it for over a year, and my family says I 'm a much more pleasant person to be around now that I have something ridding me of my terrible mood swings. I can effectively lose weight while taking it and have little to no acne. I went two months without it and gained weight, also breaking out in acne. 
I have sjogrens so have a dry mouth. From the first time I tried it I was impressed with no dryness from alcohol in my mouth, no burning.  This mouth wash has kept my breathe and mouth slightly moist for awhile afterward use too.  I highly recommend this for dry mouth, from medications or medical conditions.
It has been an amazing product, I am using this for two years daily and it removed all my pimples and marks, I like this product, no major reaction problems, some times skin may redden, but I rate it 10 out of 10
Started at 75 then gradually increased to 300 mg over the course of about a year. Has worked so well for me. 300 mg is optimal for me. If I drop below that my symptoms return within a few days. It has horrible withdrawal effects though. Nausea, headache, dizziness, weakness. It 's worth it to me though. I can think clearly, focus on work, not irritated , not depressed or having horrible thoughts on repeat all day. Have not had thoughts of harming myself since I 've been on it. Also I have social anxiety. Now I can go places without fear and heart pounding. I 've tried paxil, and wellbutrin, but this is it for me. Hope this helped.
I have been taking Elavil for over 5 years now and I must say it has changed my whole outlook completely. I was diagnosed as bi-polar, depressed and an insomniac. This medication has improved all three of my conditions.
Had this for  a wisdom teeth extraction. Apart from feeling a slight burning sensation when the needle was slid into my hand, it was great. Didn 't feel or remember any part of the actual operation. Was very groggy, but I rested for a few hours at home afterwards and was fine by nightfall.
Have been on testosterone cypionate as prescribed by doctor at 200 mcg bi-weekly.  Have noticed much increased energy and libido (I am a 58 year old man) and also strength-building.  It has also sharpened my mental concentration.  I was hypo-gonadal with 330 T level.
I have had heart disease for many years and always have a bottle (tiny!) of sub-lingual nitros in my pocket. When I feel chest pain, one under the tongue and the pain goes away, in my case, every time. The nitro works very quickly to dilate your blood vessels allowing more blood and oxygen to get to your heart muscle. Ask your doctor how to proceed should one pill not relieve the pain.Sub-linguals have a limited life once the bottle is opened the first time, about 3-6 months. If you find yourself using all the pills within that time (25 tiny tablets, typically), then they are best. If you only need it occasionally, get the pump spray as it has a much longer life. It is, however, more expensive.
LADIES!! Please do not take to heart everything you read online of other people 's experiences. I am a 20 year old who has been on Yaz for the past 4 years and have never been pregnant. I went in today to have Skyla inserted at a local planned parenthood and I could not have been more nervous due to the terrible insertion stories that I had read online. When the doctor did the actual procedure it did not hurt AT ALL. I have had very minor cramping for the rest of the day but nothing significant and I only took 2 aleve tabs an hour prior to insertion. I also had the procedure not during menstruation and still had barely any pain! Please be aware that the experience is different for everyone and to not worry too much before going in!
It 's a miracle product and I 've just learned that Glaxo stopped manufacturing in 2014! It shrunk my enlarged pores and prevents any new breakouts - best medicine I 've ever used and now scared they will stop producing it.  I 've been using it over 8 years now. The out of pocket was a lot but it 's so worth it and nothing else works like it.
I wished I hadn 't visited this page before taking the MoviPrep because I had no worries until I saw the bad experiences. I have emetiphobia and saw others having chills and cramps, which were the symptoms of some of my worst bouts of digestive distress.  I am delighted to say the only unpleasant thing I experience was trying to get so much liquid down, because my wife mixed the prep for me and put 4 ounces too many. Other than that, it almost tasted kind of good. Maybe they 've improved the flavor since what some other people experienced?  I did have slight cramps while first drinking the morning dose but that could have been the lemon wedges that I later stopped biting because the flavor wasn 't an issue.
For 3 years I have been battling bladder cancer. My bladder has shrunk, the pain has been great, the need to urinate is every 15 minutes or so. I have had 9 biopsies, some malignant and more recently 3 in a row benign.  I have interstitial cystitis and started using Tofranil 5 months ago.  Over the course of those 5 months Tofranil has gradually eliminated the pain and lengthened the time to urinate to once per hour.  To me, it is a miracle drug and I continue to take it with no side effects whatsoever.
I have taken this for a chronic stuttering problem. It has lessened my anxiety, anxiousness and depressive moods in speech situatuions as well as daily stress. Due to being fast acting, it has been my experience this is the better of the many antidepressants, and anti-anxiety drugs. I have not found it addictive, and have had no side effects.
I 'm 19, and after a very poor experience with the birth control Beyaz, I was switched to Tri-Sprintec. After several months, my cramps have decreased in pain and my acne that I have struggled with for over 5 years is almost completely gone! I am amazed! haha. PLEASE, don 't read reviews on the internet for a specific birth control and assume that will be your experience. Your hormones and needs are very unique, and it may take a few switches to fully figure out which brand is meant for you. I spent countless hours stressing over reviews/etc when I really just needed to try and see what happened. Birth control is complicated and will not affect any two women the same way. Listen to your doctor and trust what they say!
I started on 9/22/17, at 182 lbs. and today, I weighed in at 173.8lb.  Yes, I had all the symptoms that have been expressed, and I am finally at the end of my 4th week, and feel so much better.  Drink lots of water (I only drink water now), take a Pepcid in the morning before you eat to help with the nausea when you take the medicine.  Don 't drink a lot of coffee if you are a coffee drinker, that will make the symptoms worse.  Also it makes you think about healthier choices for your food and drink.  I 've quit drinking, alcohol, cigarettes, and caffeine.  I don 't think about it, or crave it.  I need to lose 30 more lbs. to be at my desired weight.  Will check back in later on, with my progress.  It works, just hang in there!!!
I have been taking 20mg at night for a couple of years and can 't praise it highly enough. I had terrible muscle cramps and twitching and constant burning pain in my arms and legs, within a few days of starting the drug, my symptoms began to ease. The twitching is now only very mild, the pain is  2 out of 10 and the spasms non existent! Magic.
I have severe flight anxiety and was prescribed Ativan 5-10 years ago to take before flights.  It works really well, and gives me this deep feeling of calm that helps me not panic on planes.  I used to shake for an entire eight hour flight, and while my anxiety doesn 't entirely disappear with a 2mg dose, it 's vastly more manageable. I haven 't really noticed any side effects aside from feeling sleepy and having my mind wander a bit.
I was pre-diabetic and had a heart to heart with my doc about how it was time to change my habits.  I started this in June 2016, lost an average of 10lb per month - started at 226lb and got down to 186lb before easing off of it to maintain on my own.  I hadn 't had to worry about food in my youth but 3 kids, work and middle age had crept up on me and I obsessed about food.  This was a magic pill which just STOPPED me thinking about food outside of what was necessary for just living - no craving, no obsessing, no hassle.  It helped me reset my life and habits.
I have been on two other DMARDs (Enbrel and Orencia) with little or only so-so results. With Remicade I felt relief almost immediately with no adverse reactions. I noticed my inflammation and pain have greatly decreased but most importantly the fatigue that dogged me has lifted. I am hoping that this medicine keeps working for a long time. Best wishes.
I have had ParaGard for 5 years and it has been perfect for me.  I have never had children and insertion HURT. I hadn 't prepared or taken any pain killers. I needed pain killers for a week and my next three or four periods were more painful. To be fair, I had previously been on the pill which regulated my periods and made them nearly painless. I love not worrying about birth control and the pain of insertion was for sure worth it. It doesn 't bother my husband at all. I would recommend this as a long- term bc. I had to go on hormonal bc very young to be allowed to take an unrelated medication. I wanted to do something natural that I didn 't have to remember daily. I would just recommend pain killers before you get it put in!
Since I started taking Desogen its cleared up my acne. The one thing I don 't like about it is the mood swings. One moment I 'm mad and another I 'm crying. I have also noticed I have been losing weight since I started taking it. I have also noticed that me and my boyfriend have been fighting a lot because of the mood swings.
I 'm 55 years old and in reasonably good health but noticed I was losing it about 5 years ago to the point where my wife and I were having very little sex.  I got scammed in one of those ED clinics, tried a pump (it was awkward and not that effective) and then I tried Viagra.  While it worked, it gave me the worst headaches and sinus along with severe flushing, which was bad for my complexion.  Finally I went and saw a good urologist who steered me to Cialis. Unbelievable!  On 20 mg I must have had sex 15 times over a long weekend, something not done since we were in our twenties.  The residual effect of this medicine is amazing.  My wife is a very happy woman.
My mother in law had cdiff for 10 months. Flagyl and vancomycin were given repeatedly with cdiff returning after a day or two. I found difficid after doing some research on line. Took the doctors 2 months to agree to prescribe it.  She took the difficid for 10 days and has been clear of cdiff for a month and has been able to resume her chemo treatments.
It 's only day 2 and I swear I already feel more like myself. I don 't even think it could be from a placebo effect...because I actually went to bed last night and woke up in the morning (this hasn 't happened in years)! I used to wake up 4-5 times a night.  I also woke up BEFORE my alarm and with energy! I regained my sex drive. I also feel more positive throughout the day, with less drops in energy. I am excited to see the effects as I continue this medication even longer. I tried for so long to battle my depression without meds, but feeling like myself again now has made me wish I did it sooner. I feel that I can be more productive &amp; that my focus is better. Try it..there 's no point in struggling so hard to feel normal, life is short!
I knew I struggled with ADD in college but refused to go on medication because of the stigma associated with Adderall. My father has ADD as well and refused medications. Now at 56 he is homeless, can 't hold down a job, can 't control his finances, health, or any responsibilities. When I graduated college and started my full-time job I realized that I was heading towards the same path as my pops. I love my job and am very passionate about it, but following instructions or staying on task during an 8 hour work day was IMPOSSIBLE. 5mg of XR/day (2x on my v. busy days) saved my job and life! I feel like I finally have a clutch to support me with my disability now. It has improved every aspect of my life: social, financial, academic, etc.
I think it 's great, got the smallest one T360 I think , hurt a lot getting it in but didn 't last long! Cramps all night could not sleep from pain! Next day much better then nothing. Can 't tell it 's there! Except stomach bloated lots! For about a week then went to normal felt a bit run down as well and a lot of discharge! And felt down depressed! But after 2 weeks fantastic! PMS symptoms before period but no spotting, yay normally get a lot of acne on chin! Period normal, definitely recommend.
So I just started this yesterday and wonder I am feeling a little bit worked up (sexually charged) has anyone else experienced this?My main concern was dryness I had a hysterectomy, 11 years ago and was taking Estradiol and didn 't really feel anything different would still get the hot flashes mostly during the day but BOY o BOY today definitely increased libido! Just looking to see if this is normal?
Works great, strong stuff.
I love this pill I 've been using if for over 4 years now. I had some pretty bad acne and my periods were heavy and long now my face is pretty clear and my period is still a little heavy but it 's super short now (4 days tops) I haven 't put on any weight since I started taking the pill my significant other and I haven 't use a condom in over 4 years and I haven 't gotten pregnant so it works!
I was prescribed Epiduo right before my senior year of high school, and I have now just finished my second year of college.  For all of you reading reviews, don 't believe any reviewer who has used this medication for less than 6 months.  My dermatologist told me to use this every night, on my whole face.  I didn 't have red pimples but I had comodogenic acne--very bumpy, textured skin that drove me crazy.  It took one full year to work, but it made my skin absolutely perfect--glowing, clear, tiny pores, everything I could ever have wanted.  Flash forward to now, and I have moved up to EpiduoForte, because my skin is used to the regular Epiduo.  There is no doubt about it.  This works. But you have to stick out the awful part.
Worked quite well no side effects took half a caplet 2X daily to equal the recommended dose of 1 caplet per day to try and avoid any stomach discomfort.
About 20 years ago, I was diagnosed with Panic Disorder.  After a year or so on Desipramine, my shrink switched me to Paxil.  I 've been taking 20mg/day for years now.  It saved my life.  About 10 years ago, after moving to a different State, I slowly weaned myself off Paxil at the suggestion of my former primary care physician.  In less than one year, I started having panic attacks again.  Long story short:  I 'm on Paxil 20 mg/day for life.  It doesn 't not make sense to suffer with Panic Disorder.
I have been using the Lantus Solostar for about a month now.  The pen is very easy for me to use.  At first I had trouble just using one hand, so now after I insert the needle, I hold the pen in my left hand and depress the plunger with my right hand.  This gives me more control over the entire process and with no pain.
I have had depression since I was 17 and recently started dealing with major anxiety issues, I was put on the 50mg pill and the first 2 weeks was really hard i was anxious,weak, and had mood swings.. 2 months later this has honestly been amazing for me and has helped me on so many levels,
I love my Nuvaring! I just stick it in for three weeks and forget it 's even there. The first few months I was constantly checking to make sure it was still there because I couldn 't feel it. I don 't recommend doing this because touching it can make it shift around and cause you to feel its presence. I was on Yaz before and it was a huge pain having to take a pill everyday because if I took it a few hours too early or late, I got my period twice a month. With Nuvaring, my periods are much shorter and lighter than ever before.However, everybody is different so what works for me may or may not work for you. The only thing you can do is give it a try and see how you like it.
With my 1st pregnancy, I suffered from severe morning sickness to the point that I lost a significant amount of weight. With my second pregnancy, I started getting very sick again and mentioned it to a nurse at my OB GYN office and she prescribed me Diclegis. Prior to that I had tried many other homeopathic solutions such as the Sea Bands and ginger. None of these worked for me. The diclegis worked from the morning after I first took them until now. At 12 weeks pregnant, I thought I might be out of the woods so I stopped taking the Diclegis last night. I have been nauseous all day and vomiting! It is obvious that these meds work.  I will be taking them again for the next 2 weeks. Only complaint is I 'm more fatigued than usual when taking it
Fantastic drugs. Lost a lot of weight with no side effects.
I had mild to severe back acne with constant breakouts on my chest and face. My dermotologist prescribed me this specifically for my back acne but thank goodness it cleared up my face and chest! Before on a scale of 1-10 my face and chest were around a 7 but after being on the medication it 's now a 1. My face/chest is now flawless and my back is now only left with scars. My back acne was extremely terrible but after using the medication for a few months, it stopped the breakouts and gave time for my skin to heal. I 've used this medication for a little over one year now and I do admit you have to be patient with the medicine. As long as you don 't pick and touch your problem spots then it should work nicely. I experienced nausea every morning when I take the medication and a loss in appetite but it 's not that bad.
This has been a miracle drug for me. I had a severe knee fracture, followed by OA. The pain can be unreal! This medicine allows me to work, do my household chores, well..to have a life again! When severe flare up 's begin, it lowers my pain to a 2, seriously without it, I would be spending most of my time on the couch. It has truly been a blessing for me giving me my life back.
I have been unable to control my blood pressure for about 10 years. When I began taking Tekturna my BP dropped to 117/62 from 176/114. I have had some side affects - nausea, stomach ache, sneezing, runny nose, but it is hard to tell whether is was from the medication or just a virus.
Excellent stomach flu remedy. Stops symptoms quickly. For bad digestive issues such as the stomach flu the max liquid works better than caplets or chewable tablets. Gives fast effective relief.
I have had a great experience with this medicine. I sleep through the night on it, wake up rested and free of any hangover, and it doesn 't knock me out like benedryl does. I feel like I get a natural sleep. I 've never experienced the night time issues that some have mentioned and have never experienced nightmares or vivid dreams as I have with other medicines.
I 've been using Ziana for since 2/2016 and this product has done wonders for me. I 'm in my mid thirties and have never suffered from acne until the last few years. I 'd get these painful &quot;under the skin&quot; bumps that I 'd unfortunately squeeze (LEAVE THEM ALONE! Bothering them will only irritate them). I couldn 't take it anymore so I visited my dermatologist and he prescribed me Ziana gel. For the first week you will only use it every other day to get your skin use to it. After the first week, use it just before bed. Do not use it until nighttime because the gel oxidizes with sun exposure. Your skill will only be oily for a few months and it helps w/ dark spots. Remember less is best... Use ONLY a pea size or slightly smaller! Good luck!!!
I have been using Travatan since 2001, and it has keep my eye pressure within normal range. The only side effect I suffered, and this is a good one,  since I am a female, is that my eyelashes are long and full.
Oh my goodness. I have taken Benadryl every night for thirty years or longer. This is much better. I sleep like a baby and feel rested in the morning for the first time in decades. I love Unisom and won 't go back to Benadryl. The prescriptions like Lynsey 's or Ambien made me hallucinate and feel pretty bad in the morning so I never continued them. Unisom has been awesome! Highly recommend it.
Took the first pill yesterday and didn 't have a beer until 4hrs later. Had one, then two, then three... then four. Uh oh, was one of the few that it wouldn 't work for? Still, I was pushing a twelve-pack a day so four seemed like a pretty big accomplishment. But today is another story. I had my first beer at 5PM exactly 1 hour after taking the pill. I just dumped the second half of that beer in the sink. No obsessions. Not about drinking or eating or my ex-boyfriend (whom I recently had a difficult break with). It really is like a switch was turned off (or on, depending on how you look at it). One side affect is sense of taste is a bit off... but I don 't feel like eating, so no biggie. Idk.. was it this easy all along?! Get to your doc asap.
I was put on Soma six years ago along with my pain medicines. I swear by it. I have been on the same dose of Soma and pain medicines for 6 years. Because of Soma I have not had to alter my dose and have been able to work and function and it was good. Till my doctor took everyone off it. I am now miserable and in pain. It is great and it works.
Had a rip roaring oxycodone addiction, always chasing living in a nightmare, no money at all. Once I got on Suboxone life has done a 180. If you are in that cycle of addiction, go get Suboxone, you will not look back.
I suffered severe form of acne from around 15 and after being subscribed to countless forms of antibiotics over the years (which had little or no effect), it was seriously affecting my self confidence and social life. My GP then decided to prescribe me for a 6 month course of Accutane, starting at 20mg/day. At first (months 1-2 )the improvements were small, the only effects being dry skin and lips. But then, there started to be gradual improvements from months 3-4 when I was taking 40mg/day. In months 5-6 my dosage was increased to 60 and 80mg/day respectively and the improvements were incredible. I can honestly say this medication has changed my life and would recommend it to anybody considering it!
I have also used drixoral since it was available only by prescription.  Bring it back please!  I have been lucky enough to find local stores that still have a supply of Drixoral.
I was addicted to opiate painkillers for 5 years. I thought I had no hope. I bottomed out after 5 years of doing practically nothing but looking for drugs. I went into detox and a methadone program for 7 days. I started an out patient program as soon as I got out but as soon as my last dose of methadone wore off I was back climbing the walls. I really thought Suboxone was going to be my last hope. I could not see myself living much longer either using or going through withdrawal. I had to wait a couple weeks to get in a Suboxone program and the withdrawal was so bad my counselor told me to use! I did get on Suboxone 32mg a day felt great immediately like the same day. On 16mg still today and clean.
Male, mid 30 's, 2 herniated lumbar discs, 3 pinched nerves, bone spur, stenosis.. I have been on pain meds for the last 10 years, and Opana is by far the most effective paid med I 've ever tried and believe me I 've been on everything.. Most recently I was on OxyContin 20mg 1x a day and Oxycodone IR 20mg 5x a day.. The problem with Oxycodone is that it has a very low half life of 3-4 hours and is very addictive because of the short duration of action you find yourself &quot;chasing the pain&quot;.. I suggested Opana to my PM doctor as I heard good things about it, best pain relief I 've had in years! I take Opana ER 40mg 2x a day and Opana IR 10mg 2x a day PRN for breakthrough pain.. This med is a wonder drug for those in 24/7 chronic pain!
I recentaly got an ear piercing called a snug. It became so infected I had to see an ENT. He prescribes me Bactrim and I have been on it for 4 days. He had to drain my ear, and it hurt a lot. I just came home from my second appointment, and he took out the packing he put in from draining it, and just put a band aid over it and told me to compress hot water over it for a while. Bactrim has given me no side effects, and it works amazingly.
Started Victoza 10 days ago  .6 for 7 days and now up to 1.2 Lost 13 pounds in 3 days so far since going to 1.2 .No side effects. Take it with 4 metformin a day.Only feel a little dehdrated so i watch water intake. Hope results keep going
(Inserted 12/23/15  18 years old) Was Nervous about an IUD but sooo happy I did it! I kept rescheduling my appointments because I was finding so many negative reviews, mainly tons of bleeding. Let me tell you that may be others experience but mine has been quite wonderful. Insertion wasn 't nearly bad as I had read, I took 2 Tylenol before procedure. It was in a few short min! Soo so happy with this IUD. Try it! If it doesn 't work for you just have it removed.
Switching from 2mg suboxone to belbuca. I started on 150 mcg 2x day n holy moly. It 's definitely not enough to feel okay. I called my doc. Which is the best doc I have ever had and told him. This isn 't enough. He said. Take more stupid. Until it works and we will talk about it on Monday. So I figured out. It takes a few days but u should be able to stabilize belbuca if taking 2mg of suboxone. You will have some discomfort for a day or so, but it gets better fairly quick. Good luck. I wrote this because I couldn 't find any info online about switching from suboxone to belbuca. That is especially to get away from the stigma of the addiction part of sub when you really take it for pain. Good luck to you all
This stuff is amazing I tried every psych med on the market and none of them worked then I tried this stuff and basically it took away my anxiety and depression overnight I can 't say enough good things about this patch it has to be the patch not the pills though!!!!
I am 51, and have been getting cluster headaches since 17. Have tried every medication for them, but nothing seemed to work for me. I  was finally prescribed Prednisone, it takes a few days to start working, but after I  finished the course, I  didn 't get a single headache for nearly a year. The course was 20 mg a day, for 10 to 14 days, depending on the doctor. The length of time, without a headache varies, but is usually a year or more.
I have a c6-c7 compressed disk that has been causing severe arm pain.  The pain medicines didn 't help at all but after being prescribed gabapentin the pain has completely dissappeared.
This medication is heaven sent! We suffer from bad constipation in my family. We eat healthy and a very high fiber diet, get plenty of exercise and drink lots of water and still get constipated. Miralax is our solution for this problem, it is even gentle enough for my kids...I do not recommend taking it daily because you could get very loose stools. You could take it two days in a row to empty out and then switch to every other day or even every two days. This works for me and I have really bad constipation.
About 25 years ago I suffered from debilitating headaches that lasted for days on end with varying intensity, but never quite gone. Upon visiting a neurologist I was told I suffer from Cluster headaches and he prescribed Nortriptyline. I have been taking 50 mg daily at bedtime for the 25 years since. I very rarely suffer from any headache at all as long as I remember to take my pill at bedtime and yes, I do sleep great. Nortriptyine was a godsend for me!
I have been on Revatio for two years now. Started with two pills (40mg) three times a day and have worked up to the max of four pills (80mg) three times a day. At first I did get the nasal congestion but now everything is normal.  I am also on Letaris and warfarin.  
The product is wonderful. 
Nitrofurantoin after trying all antibiotics it became the best antibiotic for my long standing re-occurring urinary tract infection. Within 4 days of taking the dose this antibiotic straight away it changed my life.
This is my second implant, just had a new one inserted on Wednesday. The worst part is having a sore arm for a few days and the bruising. No periods for 3 years who can complain about that, was told not to gain weight so I went to slimming world and lost 4 stone. Love it !! My only complaint is my arm itches where the implant is sometimes but apart from that nothing. Love it !!
I have Idiopathic Hypersomnia with long sleep time. Before Nuvigil, I would sleep 16-20 hours per day, and nothing could keep me awake. This medicine has completely changed my life. I am on the highest dosage (250mg). At first, the medicine gave me a terrible headache and made me feel somewhat sick to my stomach. After about two to three weeks, the side effects almost completely subsided. I feel like a normal person now. I take the medicine early in the morning when my first alarm goes off. Sometimes, I fall back to sleep, or I can stay up and relax watching T.V or something. An hour or two later it is easy to wake. Energy throughout the day, and doesn 't keep me up at night. This allows me to live &quot;normally&quot;.  I feel little to no side effects and get sleepy before bedtime, energized all day.
Really helped with anxiety at night and getting a good nights sleep, also seems to have cleared up cluster headaches I have had for years!
I agree, the awful side effects only happen when you deviate from the low-fat, reduced calorie diet. I have tried so many things and this is really the only thing that has worked for me. I have been taking it for a month now and have lost 6 pounds! In the past, I was only able to lose about half a pound a week on low calorie diets (fasting, intermittent fasting, Whole 30, weight watchers, etc). I have not had any accidents because I am afraid to eat anything that might make the side effects occur. It is such a great deterrent for me and it is working! I plan to take it until I lose another 30 pounds.
I was prescribed Cymbalta for fibromalgia and it was ineffective and expensive.  A friend told me about Meloxicam and now I 'm virtually pain free.  I only take it 3 days a week the night before I go on a morning run.  It started working within 2 days.  Recently I didn 't renew my prescription and the medicine 's effect took about a month to wear off. 
Must take within 20 minutes of onset.  The longer you wait, the longer it takes to work.  Keep it in your pocket/wallet at all times.  For me, it is a lifesaver.
40 year old female on 50mg Sertraline for 4 months. I can finally walk into a store without having to turn right back around and go back home and can actually go places by myself now. The first two weeks were very VERY hard on me... but my sister promised me that if I got through the first 2 weeks it would get better and it did. I can actually open my mouth now and talk to people without panicking and I can actually start conversations which I have never done in my life. Works very well for social anxiety. I feel like I am finally myself and I don 't feel like I 'm a weirdo anymore. Thinking about starting 100mg. Lost weight on this. I was 135lbs and now down to 120lbs. Wish I would have known about this med 20 years ago. I love it.
I had tried everything meditation, herbal supplements, yoga, exercise, healthy eating. I was doing everything &quot;right&quot; however I was in a constant state of unrest and having about 5 panic attacks a day. I would go days without eating or drinking water and then collapsing. My anxiety was so high, was sick all the time gut issues, headaches, dizziness, general fog and feeling completely out of it and detached. It came to the point that something needed to change - so I sucked it up and tried Lexapro. If you are reading this YOU CAN FEEL BETTER. I was scared I would feel like a zombie and loose myself - but it just takes the edge off and you will start to feel lighter and free and it will let therapy and meditation work.
I have been on Xanax for about 30 years now. I have suffered with anxiety since I was a child and depression later in life. I started out only taking 0.5 mg a day, even going for periods of time without taking it at all, and then over the past 15 years I have graduated to only 1.5 mg a day. I feel no need for an increase. I suffer with all the usual anxiety symptoms, but one symptom that is most annoying is the choking sensation I feel in my throat. I believe I carry my stress and worries there. When I take Xanax, it takes this terrible feeling away. I find it extremely difficult to get a doctor to prescribe me this medicine as I moved to another state. The people who abuse this drug make it extremely difficult for those of us who need it.
I had congestive heart failure 6 years ago. In my opinion Coreg has saved my life.   I thank God, my cardiologist informed me of this drug.
This drug works wonders for me. Was prescribed 25 mg for anxiety and to help me sleep. I take it occasionally, when I feel anxious or worried at nighttime or just have problems falling asleep. I feel so calm, relaxed and sleepy :) Only bad thing is the hangover I get the next day. I feel like a zombie. But if I don 't take it too late at night there 's usually not a problem. I will need a good 10-12 hours of sleep on it though. 24 year old female
Maxalt is truly one of the most amazing migraine medications I have ever tried, and believe me, having migraines as a child and now at 52 years of age, there have been many.  As a migrainer, we truly know what suffering is.  Maxalt is the best, although, after losing my job 18 months ago and with no success of getting another, it is too expensive.  From my understanding the patent expires in 2012.  I truly hope the price goes down for those of us who cannot be without it.
Started taking this medication after giving birth to my baby 7 mos ago. It works wonderful on my blood pressure 201/170 to 116/85, but I feel aweful. I feel dizzy, light headed at times, aches and pains left arm pain and chest pain I thought I was having a heart attack. Now I have numbness and tingling to my extremities. Im only on 10 mg but I need a change I dont feel good with all these side effects.
After 30 plus years of SUFFERING with Psoriasis and after being on Stelara for 5 years now I don 't have a skerik any where on my body.I had a PASI rating of 91, now its 0.Thank you Stelara.
This medication has saved my life. I can function without feeling down. I am enjoying everything now. Only drawback is when you run out or if you stop taking the pill the withdrawls can be terrible. I went crazy and was severely depressed. But if taken correctly they are awesome.
This drug has literally changed my life in a very short time. I was having horrible chest pains, with a mixture of general anxiety due to work/home stress. Cardiologist found source of my chest pain is a narrowed subclavian artery. The chest pain completely stopped within 24 hours. The only real side effect is difficulty sleeping if instructed to take it at night. I switched to taking it first thing in the morning and I now sleep like a baby. I give it a 9/10 solely for that side effect. I did feel very lethargic when I first took it, but that went away completely after 2 days or so once my body got used to the meds.I feel much more calm than I did before so this medication has really changed the way I feel. improvement is noticeable
I have been on Jolessa for 4 years and am quite pleased with it. I chose to go on birth control because I used to get really bad cramps and have heavy bleeding. The reason it doesn 't a get 10 star review from me is because the first month of adjusting to it was awful for me. I had horrible cramps and pretty much nonstop bleeding. But 4 years removed from the situation, I would say it was worth it. I did not experience weight gain and it 's so nice to have control over my body. Now my periods are predictable and the cramps aren 't as bad.
Let me just say that I was so nervous to take my dose of 500 mg (two pills) after checking the reviews. I was anticipating the pain lol... nothing happened. I will say this though I took it right after I had a meal of BBQ chicken wings and fries and a bottle of water so maybe eating a meal helped lol. If anything I felt nauseous for like 3 minutes... but I think it was more because I was panicking anticipating the pain lol. Slept like a baby, it 's currently the next day after taking them and I feel fine. Did use the bathroom today but it definitely wasn 't a bad one like the ones described . So don 't be scared! Just eat a full meal and stay hydrated!!! Gonna go back to the doctor in two weeks to make sure it worked! Will check in!
I have been on Victoza now for month. I 'm 57 and previously  always have had high blood sugar. Nothing seemed to work. Until my PCP started me on Victoza . First 2 weeks was good , Nausea the second 2 weeks , then went away . I have lost 20lbs and feel so much better . Blood sugars have been low 150s . This medicine saved my life . Be sure to ask your PCP for some Zofran , you will need it the second and third week for neausa .  Don 't give up . Thank you Victoza . A Disabled Veteran 
I&quot;ve had the tubes in my ear previously and didn 't want to go through that experience again. I wish my doctor would have just prescribed this medicine instead of a nasal spray. I 've had a clogged ear for almost a year now, on and off. I bought some Sudafed over the counter. Outside of having to give my ID, I had no issues. I took it and a few hours later, my ear has cleared up! Thank you very much for the helpful advice.
I have never written a review for a product before, and I fall under the category of people that had previously tried EVERY single other method out there for melasma, seeing hydroquinone products as a last last last resort. I 've spent a good $300 bucks trying to rid myself of the melasma mustache that I received from a combo of birth control pills and sun exposure. After consulting with a dermatologist, the preconceived notions I had against hydroquinone got cleared up, and I started taking Tri-Luma. It 's been SEVEN DAYS, and my melasma is almost gone. I could not be more thankful. My advice- get off birth control immediately, practice religious sun care, and don 't be afraid of hydroquinone:)
Before this pill I had taken a many different anti-depressant as my family doctor stated that this would with my anxiety as well. This is BS! Anti-depressants only stunted my ability to do, act and everything else good about life. Yah sure it subdued my anxiety but over a long period and never consistent. I finally saw a psychiatrist and she prescribed Clonazepam and within a week my anxiety was at bay. My creative side returned, my libido came roaring back, all in all I was myself again, without the debilitating effects of my anxiety.
This medicine works great for me.
I am 72 years old. I tried Viagra, it worked but to many side effects, I tried Cialis and it really never worked for me, but it also caused severe delayed back pain which lasted a couple of days each time I used it. I have been using Stendra 100mg for a little more than a year  and it works for me with out any side effects. On some days I am able to get a second erection several hours later.
Since changing from Lipitor to Vytorin my chloesterol went from 250 to 170. Mt doctor increased the dose to 10/80 and now it is in the 130 's. I am very happy with the drug and no harmful side effects. 
This drug took care of my infection but did have side effects. I took med with food but my stomach hurt after taking the med. The pain was horrible. Made it to day 9 before I connected the stomach pain to the med.
I have been on Qsymia for 13 days and down 14 pounds. Great results!
I started taking this pill about a year ago and I LOVE it. I originally went on it for sever acne and it completely cleared up. I read all this stuff about people gaining weight but I 've maintained the same weight I 've had for 3 years now. Also I haven 't got pregnant which is the most important thing!
I broke my back in 2004 so I take tramadol for pain relief. It works extremely well for me one of my side effects is I get a burst of energy about an hour after I take it. 
I has helped me overcome mild depression without the side effects that I experienced with other anti-depressants. It has given me more energy, elevated my mood and an increase in sex drive. The only problem I have is a high pitched ringing in my ears that I can live with.
In the beginning of the year I developed chronic nasal drip in the back of the throat. Occasionally this would flare up into a real bad sore throat and my nasal passages were constantly inflamed. Tried 3 types of antibiotics and over the counter allergy sprays and nothing worked. Went to a specialist and received a prescription of Astepro. Finally the nasal drip and everything that went with it is gone.
I LOVE my skyla! I 'm 19 and was on the pill for about 4 years and my long term boyfriend and I wanted something more permanent and effective so I went with skyla! Insertion was painful but over in 30 seconds. I had my feet in stirrups for less than a minute! I had very minimal spotting but I had severe cramps for the next 2 days. They were pretty bad. But on day 3 I woke up and they were all gone! And I haven 't had any bleeding for spotting since! It 's been 3 months and my doctor said I 'm just one of the lucky ones who loses their period! No cramping no ache no weight gain. So far the only side effect I have had is no periods! I love it and would do it all over again anytime!
I am 51 yrs old and I was diagnosed with fibromyalgia about a month ago. My doctor prescribed Lyrica. My Mother also had fibromyalgia and was taking Lyrica. She suffered a lot of the sleepy/out of it side effect and didn 't like that at all. It did ease some of her pain, but she was not willing to increase the dosage. I started taking Lyrica when diagnosed, and within just a day or two I felt incredible! I didn 't hurt when I woke up in the morning. I could move and do regular activities around the house without the horrible pain I had before. I did have some of the loopy/confusion/unable to focus for a short time, but that went away. I 'm so thankful for Lyrica. I can live and not just exist.
Starting weight 194 3 weeks later 181. Very few side effects,fill up faster curbs cravings and  I am happier!
I 've tried different medications for over two years.  This is the only medication that has worked for more than two months.  Puts me to sleep and keeps me asleep.  All other medications made me a zombie in the morning, or I woke up at 3 am
Hi there all, I been reading a lot of reviews.. A lot lot, so finally I decided I should also write a review.  I am 28, no kids yet. When I started dating, I decided to start birth control and I chose implanon, it was a worst decision.. Spotting for almost everyday, very bad mood changes.. Always hungry. So after we got married I decided to move to some other birth control and My dr suggested me mirena, and I got inserted few months back, there is hormone in it, but it 's locally at the utress. Insertion was uncomfortable, I would suggest everyone to have some pain medicine before. I had normal cramps for few days, no bleeding. Since then my cramps cameDown and now I don 't even feel that I have iud there. I am more active, and it 's the best
I am recovering from last weeks shoulder surgery (scope without repair).  My medical team used a nerve-block as they performed the procedure.  I was sent home the same day with percocet 5/325 as my pain reliever. My doctor 's nstruction was to: &quot;make sure you get the percocet into your system before the nerve-block wears off.&quot; I complied and my pain is managed well.
Plan B One Step definitely works. My last period ended the 19th of July and I had unprotected sex the 23rd and he came inside of me. Within an hour of the sex I took Plan B. The first couple of days I just felt extremely hormonal and on edge, resulting in some mood swings. A week following (Aug 1-5) I experienced spotting that was brownish red and this lasted a week.  Then the EXTREMELY tender breasts came, nausea and bloating a week before my expected period. My vagina was also very dry throughout the two weeks likely due to the high hormone dosage. Consequently I also got a yeast infection due to the hormonal imbalance. Regardless of all symptoms, I got my period on time and it is extremely heavy.  Relax and try not to stress. It works!
I suffered severe form of acne from around 15 and after being subscribed to countless forms of antibiotics over the years (which had little or no effect), it was seriously affecting my self confidence and social life. My GP then decided to prescribe me for a 6 month course of Accutane, starting at 20mg/day. At first (months 1-2 )the improvements were small, the only effects being dry skin and lips. But then, there started to be gradual improvements from months 3-4 when I was taking 40mg/day. In months 5-6 my dosage was increased to 60 and 80mg/day respectively and the improvements were incredible. I can honestly say this medication has changed my life and would recommend it to anybody considering it!
This medication has been a lifesaver, its the only thing that will help my nausea and vomiting during a migraine attack. I haven 't had any side effects while taking this medication at all.
Only pill to stop my bleeding after having a period of over 3 months..Only side effect is I crave mints or toothpaste...anyone else have this problem
I took Flagyl and Cipro for giardia and salmonella diagnosis. Both taken for one week.  The Flagyl has a terrible taste and you have to drink something besides water while you are taking it because everything tastes metallic.  It works to eradicate the infection but I was very happy when the seven days of treatment was over.  I also experienced lack of appetite however you must eat something when you take Flagyl or it will upset your stomach. Other side effects experienced: bloating, burping, hiccups, terrible taste in my mouth all the time, lack of energy. But the need for the medication outweighs the side effects and it took care of the infection.
I had to sell my physician on Belviq. She was not 100% but came around and now refers to me as the guinea pig. Had rough side effects up front but pushed through them. Headaches, backache, constipation and nausea to name a few. Lasted about 4 weeks. In the first week I had to force myself to eat.  I 'm 9 weeks in and down 25 pounds. Realize I 'm content on 1100 calories. Using myfitnesspal app. Worried about keeping it off like everyone else. At 41 yrs. old, I thought my metabolism was gone. This medicine is a game changer.
This has been the best medicine I have ever got for my problems. Every other doctor just ignored my feelings until finally I found the right doctor who listened and put me on klonopin. That was the best day of my life. It was like I had found me again. Thanks Klonopin, you 're my life saver.
So worth it. No product has helped except abreva. I put it on as soon as I realize I 'm getting a cold sore and within 2-4 days its gone. Tip don 't let your thing burst or this product can 't help you. Only works if used before you pop the blister and the blister won 't pop.
My blood test said I was on the low side of normal, yet I was having very bad pain in my legs and feet and having chills and loss of hair. I was put on this drug and the pain is gone in my legs and feet. I no longer have chills and my hair is growing back.
I had this prescribed for a kidney stone. Took the first pill on Friday at noon. Today is Sunday - 2 days later and I passed it one hour ago.  Thanks.. it worked like a charm.
I have been on 10mg of viibryd for about a month.  I have a low drug tolerance and I couldn 't get past the side effects of the other drugs I 've tried.  Viibryd had very minimal side effects that are now gone (vivid dreams and brain zaps). My anxiety has significantly lessened and I 'm out of that depression fog. What a relief to be out of that negative state and constant worry! It just goes to show that differnt drugs work differently for everyone. Viibryd isn 't well reviewed, but the ones that are highly scored didn 't work for me at all. Don 't give up or be afraid to find your perfect fit.
Followed advice here--use cold cold cold water. Taste is like cherry cough meds but lighter--second cup seemed saltier (maybe I didn 't mix the water and dosage bottle well enough?) Anyway it worked for a two full hours--all almost clear. Next dose--still clear.  I felt good I had been a good light eater.  Then to bed at 10.  Wake up at 3:30--cramps; run RUN for bathroom; That last meal high in the colon was on its way down!!! Probably should skip that last light meal the day before you start the prep! All in all experience was fairly easy--hard to drink all that water, also used ginger ale as others have noted. Too much sweet juice made me a little nauseous. Would definitely use this again.
I wanted to leave a review because I feel that naturally people with bad experiences are more likely to post than people who had positive experiences. For me, the copper IUD has been the best form of birth control I 've used. Insertion was extremely painful, but the potential to have 10 years of hormone-free birth control is worth it. The 1st month there was a lot of light bleeding and occasional cramping while the IUD &quot;settled&quot; in. The cramping at the start of my 1st period was hell, 2nd period less so, and now 3rd period almost pre-insertion levels. Periods are heavier and longer, but I am so relieved to 1) Have a sex drive (bad experiences with hormones) and 2) 10 years of no pills in my future! I don 't notice my IUD anymore 3 months in.
I have just taken Ativan 1mg this morning. I feel just like I felt before all of this anxiety took over my life. I am happy to be me again, hopeful for it to be this easy for future attacks. I am so tired of the doctors in the ER knowing me by face and first name basis because of this condition. I started to lose my mind and had my entire family worried about me. But now after just 1mg of Ativan just today, I feel like I can get through this. If you experienced a panic attack and you are not stressed out you too will think that you are being mis-diagnosed just like me all 17 times in 2 months in the ER, but after taking Ativan I believe the doctors now and I thank them!
I started using Zoloft for anxiety and minor depression. It has been a God send. I was overwhelmed and lethargic- now I am back to myself- I have energy again. I had the typical side effects for the first few weeks, but they have subsided. No weight gain or sexual side effects for me. I am very happy with the results. Everyone is different, and the medications are all different so remember to talk to your doctor if after 6 weeks you don 't feel different or worse.
I found that Wellbutrin XL benefit both my mood (stabilized) and helped me with a learning disability. I am able to track numbers and remember a longer sequence of numbers for short term memory.
I 'm 22 and weigh 110 lbs. my dosage for juleber was 0.15. I didn 't ever get pregnant on juleber or get acne or weight gain. The only negative thing that happened was I was extremely moody. The week before my period I was extremely emotional and during my period I was also really emotional. Other than that it was a good bc
My husband has been on it for 3 months and he 's himself again . I am glad we finally found something that works .
I have dealt with chronic back issues for 10 years now. I rode professional rodeo for 14 years riding bulls my body literally Took a beating.  I have always been in construction as a trade 15 years ago I started my own business as a GC  I fell 20 feet off of the ladder injuring my neck and back on top of already having back problems I 've been on every pain medicine you could imagine with no results until I started taking methadone I take 80mg/ Day.  I currently am in between doctors and slowly trying to wean myself off until I can get in somewhere to get back on my meds however this is very difficult I 'm finding. 
At first, I was really scared about getting this birth control because of the bad reviews. However, because of reasons, I decided to go with this method anyways. Boy, do I not regret it! It 's been two months since I had it inserted. At first,  I think it made me really anxious (which did not help with how much stress I was going through the following month.) After about a month and a half, I feel about 90% as calm as before going through with it. There has been no weight gain, and I was still able to lose 12 lbs this month simply through dieting. My boobs did get bigger but since the weight loss, they 're back to their normal size. My cycle is still the same while lasting a few days more via spotting. I 'm pretty happy with the results!
I 've been on Paxil (20 mg) since 2000 at the age of 15 and have been on it ever since. I was always an anxious kid but my anxiety became debilitating at the beginning of high school and I would occasionally vomit in the morning due to anxiety and also experienced heart palpitations. After a physical and an echocardiogram revealed that I was physically healthy I began seeing a Psychiatrist who diagnosed me with Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Social Anxiety Disorder and he prescribed me Paxil. After about two weeks of feeling run down and kind of flu-like it began working. I really don 't have any side effects and I still experience a wide range of emotions, even anxiety, though it is manageable.
It is my first day on Kapidex and I must say I have never felt better.  I have been on Nexium and Aciphex with side effects.  It is just my first day so I can 't say I won 't have side effects but I have had a completely normal day and I forgot what it felt like to feel normal. Right now, today, life is very good.
I have been on Natazia for over 5 years.  I have not had a single issue with this pill. I actually am very pleased with it. I don 't have to stop because of an &quot;off&quot; week or whatever some of the other pills do.  I take it continuously.  My periods are so light I only have to use one tampon and then I am off until the next month.  I also had really bad back cramps with Beyaz and with Natazia my back cramps are still there but advil helps instead of having to take narcotics for the cramps.  I would recommend to anyone.  Too bad I am 33 and soon will have to stop taking them. :-(  Sure hope they make something for us old women who don 't want babies! LOL!
I have Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia which has spread to my brain. This medication helps so much with the agonizing pain. However, even though I am a terminal cancer patient.  The Government, Insurance Co. and also pain management promised I would  NOT suffer. But I am. Thanks to all, plus the persons involved by ABUSING pain medications. I, a dying cancer patient will suffer without ANY pain meds. I was a former medical student high honors on the Deans list. Due to the Government, I, a future Physician will not live to treat patients with respect, dignity, empathy or sympathy. This medication, I will never have again. Due to the Horrible pain 24/7, I have had 3 heart attacks. My feeble weak body can no longer tolerate pain. It worked well.
I have been on it  for years for my Peripheral Neuropathy/Restless Legs . The Tramadol manufactured in Asia is mostly junk. My Dr recommended a pharmacy that orders a name brand generic form that works good for me. They are round tablets, the capsule shaped are not as good. The cheap stuff makes me agitated and restless. I take two 50mg tablets at bedtime (100mg). It gets rid of my nerve pain caused by type II diabetes. My wife says I don 't kick her any more at night. I wake up feeling euphoric and ready to take on the day. It is frequently prescribed off-label as an anti-depressant. No it does not work good on back or muscle pain. Take Ibuprofen for that. Motrin 800 works good for back pain. You can take the two drugs together.
I 'm taking Pamelor (that 's the generic name) primarily for migraine prevention but it also helps my depression. It 's been about three months since I started this and my migraines have reduced a lot.  I rarely get them now.  I 'm also feeling much better since my depression. The only side effect I have is sleepiness in the mornings. Other than that it 's a charm.
I 've had year round allergies for years and have tried zyrtec, Claritin, Allegra, Flonase, and numerous eyedrops with nothing completely alleviating my symptoms. Flonase was probably the closest, gone were the itchy eyes, puffy face, constant clearing of throat, runny nose and sneezing, but I still had that annoying itchy nose. My doctor tried dymista last year, and wow, I love it! It works amazing at alleviating all my symptoms, I feel so much better, it is really expensive though but their is a coupon to help with the copay. The after taste is horrible but a glass of water and piece of gum gets rid of it. Also, I do sneeze or feel on the verge of sneezing for about a minute after taking it. Overall, I love it.
Well here 's an update after a week of taking contrave which I started on 7/9/2016 I have already lost 8 pounds. Now I don 't have any side effects but I went walking 4 days this week for 30 min. and I have been counting my calories as it says on the bottle. It really don 't  suppress your appetite like I thought for the first week,but being conscious on counting my calories has made me more aware of the foods I 'm eating. I am also very thristy and constipated, but its not that bad since I 've never really been regular any way. I will report back in a couple of weeks my goal is to lose 20 pounds by September so I need 12 more to go with me starting out at 233.
In 2008 I found out that I had COPD and asthma. My doctor had me on a ton of different medications. Prednisone being one of them. As time when on he kept me on the steroids for over a year. During that year I gained over 100 pounds from them. Finally, I told him that I was taking myself off of them because with gaining weight they are not helping my breathing. Just taking myself off I lost 30 pounds within 2 months. I was 283. I switched doctors and he put me on Adipex. Within 2 months I had lost another 30. Now 2 years later I weigh 155. My breathing problems have since gone away. I never changed WHAT I ate, it just controlled how much I ate. I never had any side effects. It gave me GREAT energy at first, but now I feel nothing.
This medication has worked well for approx 8mos to control Narcolepsy
It 's going to cause cramps and discomfort because it stimulates the bowel to move. I put up with the discomfort because other laxatives aren 't as effective for me. I 'd suggest using Ducolax with a separate stool softener, right before bed. Maybe even take stool softener in the afternoon, then Ducolax at bedtime. I slept through cramps and had a movement in the morning. When I took it in the late afternoon, the cramps were pretty bad. Drink water/liquids lots.
I have suffered from migraines since I was a young girl.  The migraines were absolutely debilitating to me. Sick in bed, nauseated and vomiting all day until I usually collapsed from exhaustion. Zomig has been a miracle drug for me. Within an hour, the headache is typically gone.  Occasionally I have to take a second. I occasionally feel sleepy and experience a little dry mouth but otherwise have had no side effects. It is wonderful to have a remedy to restore my ability to function through the day versus trying to push through work totally debilitated by a migraine.
Had colonoscopy with propofol. No issues woke up easily, slept well after I got home. Nurse told me they have been using this for awhile due to the quickness of waking up. Also was told this can be administered by nurse anesthetist instead of the physician. It frees him up to do the procedure while the nurse with an anesthesia license does the sedation.
I have been on a fairly high dose of this medication for over 6 years now. I can not tell you enough that it is an extremly horrible idea for long term use 2 times daily or more or even less any long term use of this drug to me is almost a death sentence for that person it is probably the most difficult thing to stay off of if used for more then a month or 2 straight. Im trying to get off them now myself but I am so very deep in a hole its almost hard to see the end. Once you stop say goodbye to sleep for a while and feeling like complete psychosis for the next few weeks or months till your brain comes back from the hole you dug for it. If I could go back and never take a benzo I would in a heart beat ssris and ssnris never worked for me.
Zoloft is WONDERFUL. I have been on every other drug in the antideppresant class in ver 25 years. Paxil as fairly good for anxiety but as a male I was unable to even pretend to orgasm. As long as I stay at 50 mg with 150 mg wellbutrin I am able to orgasm. At 100 mg sexual sde effects kick in but not to the extent of Paxil. IT TAKES TIME TO WORK.  I would say 6 weeks to 2 months for full effect but then nirvana.
I just got the shot of rocephin in the doctors office today I had been on oral antibiotic for a brown recluse spider bit  I can tell a difference after getting the shot today  my finger looks much better.  I haven 't had this shot since I was a baby.
Vytorin took my cholesterol from 300 to 125 with just a half of a 10/40 tablet. Excellent results for what is considered to be a half dose.
Works great..... No side effects and clears up my frequent sinus infections quickly!
Been taking Bontril for years and I am completley satisfied with the results. I don 't have the side effects mentioned. If I did not take it I would be about 300 lbs (I 'm 150lbs thanks to bontril).
I have Bipolar 1 and I started taking Latuda 20mg and didn 't feel too much to begin with other than it was easier to get up in the morning, then I went up to 40mg and started really feeling amazing improvements. I used to suffer from extreme paranoid thoughts, had little cognitive ability, was constantly having panic attacks and felt extremely depressed, didn 't sleep yet was barely awake during the day and was basically just sluggish and useless. On Latuda I can get up in the morning, I sleep at night, my paranoid thoughts a greatly reduced, my panic attacks have more than halved, I can actually think, I 'm not too sleepy and depressed to look after myself and after two years of being disinterested in everything I feel enthusiastic again!
I started this medication the first of October 2013. It is now January 2014.  I 've lost 45 pds.  275lbs to 230 in a little over 13 months.  I love it!
After trying percocet and time released morphine for chronic back pain, methadone was the only pain reliever that lasted for any length of time, but now my pain management clinic closed in 4/14/2010 and I 'm trying to find a pain clinic(doctor) that is not afraid to prescribe methadone.
For me, dramamine  works better than phenergan. I have a lot of nausea due to rheumatoid medications I take. I also get vertigo or migraine on occasion that cause nausea. This med helps me a lot
Excellent , no need to say more. Life changing for me. I am happy and don 't hurt anymore. I actually have knuckles and can close my hands. I wake up not hurting, since I just have got use to the pain I did not realize how bad my condition was. You have no CHOICE if you understand. I had taken all types of pills and creams, fish oil, vitamins and none helped. Third shot 12-11-2012.
Trazodone is a great sleep aid; I 'll be energized as ever, I 'll take it, and within 15 minutes I can 't even keep my eyes open.  From then on I practically go into a coma :)  Trazodone makes me sleep for 12+ hours at a time, it 's great.  I 'm never tired anymore!  I have so much more energy, I 'm a better student now, I 'm way more productive at work, I NEVER feel fatigued.  I love it, and would definitely recommend it.
I have a love/hate relationship with Prednisone.  It really helps when you need it.  In fact, sometimes, it 's the ONLY thing that helps.  Over 20 years ago I was on it for my UC.  I never gained weight on it.  I did get the cute moon face though.  Recently I was diagnosed with another auto-immune disease.  NSAIDs didn 't do anything to alleviate my pain.  I 'm on Sulfasalazine and Methotrexate.  We started with 40 mg Prednisone and have tapered to 10 right now.  NEVER get off Prednisone cold turkey (If you 've been on it for a while), your adrenals will pay.  You have to taper off.  However, as I taper off, my pain is coming back.  It has a lot of side effects.  I already have osteopenia from the last time.
This is a great medication. While it does make you restless if you take to late in the day, it really makes you feel better quick. There was slight discomfort in joints for first 2 days and went away. On for 7 days, 750 mg. It works very well. It gave me this burst of energy all day and it really decreases your appetite.
Have been taking for over 10 years mixed in with a period of about 2 years when my doctor took me off because of depression symptoms subsiding. The majority of the time I have been on 10mg, last 2 years have had dose raised to 20mg. The drug has worked great for me. Terrific improvement from when I started and 99% reduction in panic attacks. Reduction in OCD symptoms as well. Well tolerated for me at least, but I realize with these medications everyone is different. It&rsquo;s not perfect but the relief I got was real and changed my life. For that I am thankful.
I have had my mirena since Tuesday (4 days).  I have never had kids.  I was not on my cycle.  I have horrible periods so my doctor recommended this. In my mind I was thinking this is going to be horrible as I had other exams that had me in horrendous pain.  Insertion took about 2 minutes. Only pain I felt was when he was measuring the uterus.  Felt like cramps.  I  did not even feel it going in.  The Dr said ok that 's it. I had no idea it was over.  Afterwards I went to lunch.  Little cramps after I got home,  through the night and the next day.  Just took tylenol.  Only spotted the day that I got it.  So far so good.
It does work for me, but have to take it twice daily - 25mg morning and 25mg at night, rather than 50 mg at night. Only negative side effect - dry mouth all day, have to drink a lot of water
I got my mirena on February 9th.I gave it a 9 because I 've only had it for 2 weeks but I have had little to no issueGetting it was like a really bad cramp, I did get dizzy. But it went away shortly after.My doctor said I had to be on my period and I was on day 2 of my cycle and it actually stopped it, only spotted for 2 days afterwards. Hormonal problems tend to ruin in my family as well has severe PMS. This actually helped me. I also have suffered from anxiety and my anxiety decreased significantly, my husband actually noticed this before me. I feel normal for once. Which makes me extremely happy :)
I have tried every pain medication there is. Morphine lasts the longest and keeps the pain tolerable then anything else.
46 yo, average health, no major ED but just not what it used to be.Bought 100mg Viagra and 20mg Cialis to do a comparison (both name brand). Split the pills and took 50mg and 10mg of each respectively in separate episodes. While they both worked, Cialis is the clear winner for me. The reasons:1. Lasts longer - Cialis lasted all weekend. We didn 't need to plan anything.2. Not affected by food - One time Viagra didn 't work at all because I had eaten.3. Cost - Pills are similarly priced but because Cialis lasts 2 days (and Viagra 4 hours) you don 't need as many doses (nor would you waste a dose by accidentally eating).
I love it ! I 've tried every diet pill made over the years and nothing helped but Belviq has :)  the only side effect I have is a headache
Honestly, I really enjoy this pill. When I first read the reviews I was terrified, but I still went through with taking this pill for the first few months. In the first month I found myself getting slightly nauseous every time I took the pill and that I was getting moodier. but after the first few weeks, everything balanced out and I 'm completely fine.i 'm sexually active and my partner and i have unprotected sex regularly. no baby here! i 'm currently on my fourth month taking it and i feel fine. i 've had no significant changes in acne (actually, i think it 's improved my skin), my weight has stayed the same, my mood is under control, and my libido is the same as it 's always been.just wanted to leave a good review here for estarylla.
Suffered from anxiety for many years mostly social anxiety that resulted in panic attacks. Tried therapy, breathing techniques, relaxing workouts, eating healthy. I really wanted to avoid medication at all costs. I was repeatedly missing work due to the fatigue of stress and decided to take my doctors advice. At this time my immune system was poor, my skin was horrible, and my whole body ached. I started Prozac 20mg once a day and have been taking it for 60 days. I did not have any bad reactions or nausea. My mood is significantly better, my skin is better, I am performing well at work, I feel happy to communicate with others and I do not have panic attacks anymore (a daily happening before). I feel so much better!
Was told by a doctor who specialized in respiratory infections, because his main patients were miners, that I would suffer with chronic sinus infections the rest of my life and that a z-pak would work but to really wipe it out, I should use ceftin.  So if z-pak does not work for anyone try the ceftin.  I get z-pak normally because I can tolerate the azithromycin. A little stomach upset on the day after all meds are taken (6th day), but other than that, good results...usually takes 48 hours for me to feel better since I am older and have a weakened immune system, but on that third day, much much better.
When I first started taking this pill I had severe nausea when I would start a pack. Now my nausea is gone and I get occasional migraines. I 've almost been on it for a year and I do like it a lot. Great for preventing pregnancy also causes breast tenderness towards end of pack.
Seroquel stopped my explosive disorder like a light switch being turned off. Excellent medicine
Been on Paxil for 8 yrs for generalized anxiety disorder and panic attacks and it saved my life! Recently increased from 30mg to 40mg due to relapse from highly stressful events and can already feel it working again.
I have been using this med on and off for years for insomnia.I use .5 mg dose.  It is very effective for me to get to sleep. And, even if you wake up in the night you can fall right back to sleep.Plus if you dream, you may have only positive dreams - no bad situation dreams. At least that is my experience. Other over-the-counter sleep aids give me that hang over feeling in the morning.Not Alprazolam (Xanax). Used occasionally, it is a good choice.
Works great. Lasts me 3 to 4 days. I am 51 but when I take the pill I am 21. 
Entyvio has been miraculous. Very close to getting my colon taken out, we decided to try Entyvio. After using Remicade, Humira and many other options, it 's the only thing that 's worked for me.
Got the mirena a few months ago and so happy I did. I can 't take birth control pills due to my medication, so my doctor said to get this. I had some cramps and spotted for almost 2 weeks and was nervous, but reading other people 's sounded normal because your body isn 't use to it yet. After that it 's been good, no pain and really small periods. I know sometimes the symptoms can really suck but I 'd rather those then be pregnant so I recommend to all.
Great drug.
Safyral has been a great birth control pill for me. I lost water weight from my previous birth control plus some, skin is clear, no unusual mood swings. My only complaints about it is from 2 days before my period until 3 days into it is I get a bit of stomach bloat and my left ankle tends to get sore and swollen when on my feet too long. Sometimes I crave sweets at certain times of the month. The pill is more expensive, but a great birth control pill. I highly recommend it.
Ive had the skyla IUD for over a year now. It was very painful, even with cervix softening drugs, remember to take ibuprofen as well. It was inserted and I experienced heavy cramping. Before I had tried every birth control imaginable. I love my skyla. I was scared the first few months and had pregnancy tests on hand, but my RN reassured me after my month post op that I couldn 't get pregnant. I would recommend skyla to everyone. Especially since on the depo shots I gained weight. The skyla has some progesterone but not so much as the depo Shots. Only downfall is the re insertion of my new IUD in 2 years. I have lost 10 pounds, and never have to remember appointments! Insurance covered because it 's preventive health, no babies for me !!
I 've been on this pill for about 3 years. I got on it because I 've had horrible cramps, and heavy bleeding on my period. I only have a period for 2 days, I get mild cramps now. The only side effect I had other than the period was that I had gained a few pounds. I would recommend this pill to anyone.
Okay hey ladies! Me and my boyfriend had a condom break so  I took plan b about an hour later. Then, about a week later, I got a period. Now this was about two weeks early but it 's pretty normal for this to happen with plan b. It also is a good sign that the pill worked but it isn 't a promise. So, I anxiously waited for my normal period but as that time was going by I looked into getting an IUD. And now that I just got my period today, I can go back and get an IUD in!!! For everyone out there who doesn 't want to go through this again, I highly recommend an IUD. They can come with or without hormones, are 99.9% effective, and can stay in for 3-12 years! The insertion only lasts a couple min and they are free! Stay safe :)
I have had migraines for 9 years. A few years ago I started having them almost daily. After a while,  It took more medication to get less pain relief. I was having daily headaches. I would take Advil to take the edge off for a few hours, then take imitrex, than another imitex, then Tylenol, then back to Advil. I spent days in bed. I tried everything to stop the headaches. I tried Botox, beta blockers, anti-seizure meds, SSRIs, magnesium. Then I read about Frova. I switched from imitex and took them every 12 hours for a week to try to control my menstrual migraine. It was amazing. But better than that as I used Frova for a few months the headaches lessened. My headaches are back to a few a month, and Frova takes them away. A miracle drug!
Tried all other bi-polar medicines throughout the past 10 yrs. This one has the least side effects of them all. People tell me my behavior has vastly improved on Depakote. It 's hard for me to see myself through other peoples eyes. But, sometimes maybe I should. Personally, for me, Depakote has been a life saver, I didn 't want to live with it but find I can not live without it.
I have mixed Bipolar symptoms and was increasing on the Monic side. 1 Clonidine and in 15 minutes I had some relief and felt nearly normal. I like that it is an as needed drug and I don 't have to take it everyday like my other medicines. The only drawback is that it only lasts 4-6 hours and you have to take it again but to feel nearly &quot;normal&quot; I will do that.
I started Phentermine on January 13, 2017 as of today February 11, 2017 I have lost 16 pounds. I have not worked out at all. Ive been eating a salad at 11:00 and 3 chicken stripes with ranch and chic fa la sauce from Chic fa la for dinner everynight. I lost 9 pounds my first week, 5 pounds my second week, and 2 pound my third week. I didnt lose any week during my last week probably because I cheated almost everyday. 261 to 245 so far. Wish me luck on my next bottle.
Update to review below. I have now been on Effexor XR for six months, and I can honestly say that it 's worked wonders in eliminating my depression and obsessive thinking. I wasn 't able to stay on the low 37.5mg dose, as I discovered that this is a starting dose only. I have been on 150 mg for about four months, and apparently this is the lowest effective dose for achieving a therapeutic effect for most disorders. My depression has gone, and I no longer have obsessive thoughts that were making daily life a living hell. The only drawback with Effexor XR is that it has low half life, which means that it doesn 't stay in your system for long, and if you miss a dose you will feel withdrawal within a few hours. This medicine has been a life saver!
I have been on leflunomide since 2007. It took a bit to kick in and once it did, I felt better. I was having a lot of diarrhea so my doctor decreased my dose from 20mg/day to 10mg/day. It made no difference in the diarrhea so we decreased it and I tried Imuran. About 2 weeks after switching, I was still having issues with diarrhea and it was clear the Imuran was not helping. So we went back to leflunomide 20mg/day ASAP.  In the beginning, I had some nausea, but I began taking my dose at bedtime and had no other problems. I now take it in the morning with no nausea. I have hair loss but not enough that others notice. I simply take folic acid to combat that.
I am updating my last 8 star review of a week or 2 ago below in thread.Update:  The sleep disruption/insomnia  (oftentimes waking 2-4 am and not getting back to sleep) subsided after 3 weeks of starting the generic form of Lexapro (on 10 mg for almost a month).   I am sleeping well again without assistance from Xanax.  I haven 't taken X in 5 nights and sleeping my usual 7 hours.  It 's wonderful.  No anxiety either.  Give this drug a chance if you can stick out the sleep problems.  It works.  I feel myself again and am not worrying over worrying about anxiety. Not afraid to go anywhere, for fear I 'd get that old sense of dread and unease.  I don 't even think about it.  It doesn 't matter the time of day you take it by the way.
I 've been on this birth control pill for about a year and a half... so far no pregnancies, my skin is clear but I 've always been lucky in that department. My hair actually feels thicker! No weight gain and no headaches. My period is usually 2-3 days long and super light. Sometimes I only spot for a day and that 's it. I used to have severe cramps prior to getting on this birth control to the point I was prescribed muscle relaxants (that bad!)... and now its slight cramping for a day or two the week of my &quot;period&quot;. Everyone 's body is different but I have had no side effects on this pill. 
Prozac works great for me.  It 's helped pull me out of my 4 year depression.  I wished I would have asked for help sooner.  Prozac helped me get my &quot;spark&quot; back again.
I 'm 35 and one of the first memories I have is me at about four reeling in pain from IBS-D. I have often thought about just taking the easy way out due to the constant agony. Then one day an amazing gastro suggested Donnatal and within about three hours of taking it I was pain free. This stuff is a life changer for me at least.
I have currently been taking Dexedrine spansules for 16 years. 90 mg a day. ADHD had ruined my life up until I was 36 years old. Now all the standard symptoms are under control and have been since I started the medication. I would personally check with a good doctor if you are suffering with this disorder.
Exception medicine with zero side effects.
On it for 6 years 200mg twice a day. This was a life-changing drug for me I also take Ritalin which has been working for the last 2 years. The lamictal really makes me feel like I have a repaired foundation in my personality. The Ritalin has added to my concentration and keeps me calm and even keeled.  I had tried many other medications from my psychiatrist that worked for a short time,   but nothing has been as long lasting as these 2 medications.  One of the best reasons I have for knowing that they are doing their job is.. most people who know me such as friends ,  family and fiance would like to give my doctor a great big kiss..
Since I have been on Pro-Air I haven 't been experiencing shortness of breath as much and it has helped my chronic bronchitis as well
Not only does a 0.5mg shut down racing thoughts and anxiety it reduces depression. Been on every other antidepressants out there with awful side effects.  Don 't need to take it every day. 
It 's only been about 4 days since my first loading dose and I am absolutely amazed at how much my skin has improved and I 'm feeling a lot less itchy. I 've struggled with severe eczema since I was little and to finally experience relief is really exciting and amazing. I 'm so grateful and happy to finally be feeling better and to know that others who struggle can feel better too!
Amazing for pain and cough alike
This is the best muscle relaxer, in my opinion. I took a star off because it knocks me out cold. If I 'm asleep, I 'm not going to feel pain or spasms either way.
On the advise of a friend my wife and I started taking Bonine 24 hrs before we departed on a small ship cruise in the Caribbean. It was the best advise we could have gotten because at night while traveling between the islands the weather was very very rough. Over half the people on the cruise were extremely sea sick and miserable. We felt fine and had no issues at all. I highly recommend this product.
After reading the reviews for this product on here, I was terrified! All the ladies who said it burned them so bad and to never use it, made me hesitate a few days because my infection was mild. However, it got worse so I decided to suck it up and use it! I was laying down after applying it and I was shocked that I felt no burning or anything! It actually felt good and the irritation immediately subsided! I 'm on my 3rd day and I feel excellent! I still have a slight redness but it has gotten better!
Have been on Afreeza for 2 months . It took a month for my numbers to be in target range, love it for the convenience
Have had this cough since middle of Dec. My cough is so bad it took a couple doses to see good results,  but if I didn 't take these at bedtime I wouldn 't sleep at all.  Have had to sit up to sleep.  Can now lay down and sleep all night.
Oral Dissolving Tablets are the way to go.  It is quite discouraging vomiting up your nausea medicines.
This medication is my magic bullet, my asthma has been under control for nearly five years after being introduced to prednisolone. It is fantastic. I only take it between 7-9 am as my Doctor informed me that it would affect the natural Cortisol production and possibly lead to problems sleeping.Love it.
So far, I am amazed at the quality of this product. She stopped itching almost immediately after use. No bugs, no live eggs found in hair. Hair is shiny and soft. I wasted a bunch of money before Sklice on stuff that had zero effect on her. The out of pocket cost with this NOT bogus coupon was only $40 as opposed to the original $300. I would definitely buy this again for head lice. Amazing stuff.
It works well, and very quickly! One or two tabs taken after a cup of coffee helps to avoid acid indigestion. Works for me; cheap, easy to use, safe. Nothing faster!
This is a miracle drug. Nothing would clear my acne for years and this cleared it right up in a few months. Can 't recommend highly enough. People will try to scare you with crazy side effects but these are really really rare. I only got dry skin, dry nose, and dry lips.
I 've been on this medicine for 2 weeks now. The only thing I 've noticed so far is that I did bloat a lot more than usual during my period. I also have little head aches almost everyday, but they only last for 10 minutes at most. I 've managed to eat a pint of ice cream every single night and still loose weight. The only downfall of this medicine is it makes me very angry.
I 've taken this 2-3 times. The first few times mild cramping occurred but nothing major. The most recent occurance resulted in cramps immediately afterwards and bleeding, I mean heavy period type, 5 days after I took it, a mere 2 weeks after I had started my last cycle. The bleeding lasted about 4 days. I thought perhaps it had reset my cycle but nope, got my &quot;normal&quot; period a few days early and it has been the most painful and heaviest I 've experienced in some time. Obviously Plan B works, although I have no idea whether or not I was even at risk of being pregnant. Just know it will possibly upset your cycle.
Just over 4 weeks ago I started taking Xenical that my doctor prescribed me. On the day of started I was 23 stone 13 lbs, I am now 22 stone 5lbs, so I have lost 21lbs in just over 4 weeks! I was sensible enough to read online reviews and decided to make sure I eat as less fat as possible. When I 'm hungry at lunch I occasionally had a egg and bacon sandwich but cooked in no fat and using fry lite spray, cut the fat off the meat. I have a sensible normal dinner and breakfast sometimes toast with no butter with a banana inside or a couple slices ham. I have cut out all the junk. Side effects for the first few days slight tummy cramp and very occasionally a looser stool when going to the toilet, but no other side effects at all.
Condom broke on us, so took Plan b  immediately and waited. We were freaking out for weeks then period. No pregnancy, it worked for us.
One of the best-responding antidepressants I 've ever taken. Unfortunately, I had to stop taking it because my resting heart rate went up to &ge; 100 bpm while on this medication (could 've been interacting adversely with my Dexedrine). But wow, what a response I had! It started responding just a few weeks after increasing it to 75 mg, and it seemed to really bring me out of my cocoon at 100 mg-125 mg. That was the highest I ever got to try before realizing what was going on with my heart, and subsequently having to back down on the dosage. My positive response diminished, and I had gained a bunch of weight anyway, so we decided to switch meds.
It 's the only thing that ever helped but you build a tolerance but if you stop for a few days which is hard not impossible - it works just like it did before. I tried all the normal SSRIs, SNRIs and benzodiazepines nothing worked like this. It 's the best yet.
I took Cartia XT 120 mg once a day for thousands of PACs and PSVT. Cartia is mild, with few side effects, but good results. I took (Teva brand) Diltiazem EX 120 mg and had problems. I found out when I took leftover Cartia 's that the problem is the Teva brand doesn 't work as well for me.
I get Supartz injections in my osteoarthritis ankle at lease every 5 to 6 months. It is truly a miracle. I have 99.9% relief. I just wish the insurance would cover the injection. They wont cover it because they state the ankle is not a major joint!?
I took my first dose at 6pm last night and 6:02 I was in the bathroom, first few times I poo 'd it was still a little hard, but after about half a hour it just comes right through you, the medicine doesn 't taste that bad, and by 10pm I was only going in occasionally, now it 's 7:21am, I took my 2nd dose at 6am, and I 'm wondering how anything can still be left in there tbh.... My procedure is at 9:30, but the diarrhea is tapering off, actually it 's not even that, it 's like your peeing out your butt....seems to be slowing down though, that way everything is flushed and clean for the doctor and I won 't have to go back in for 5 more years hopefully, but at this time I 'm still not venturing far from the bathroom
After suffering with slight anxiety and what I now look back and recognize as mild depression for years my anxiety &quot;blew up&quot; one year ago. It manifested itself in severe panic attacks about diseases, life, intrusive thoughts, and thinking that I was going crazy. It got worse for 8 months until I figured I was going to die or find a med that worked. I tried 2 prior to Lexapro and they were awful. I had no quality of life and honestly thought I 'd be dead by now. Lexapro SAVED my life. It kicked in in about 5 weeks and I had some rough patches for a few more. At week 8 I was me again. At times I still have severe anxiety with intrusive thoughts but they are easy to push away. I have a life again!
Have been using Kapidex for 3 weeks now. It appears to be a lot better than previous ones. Thanks
Have been on Uloric for 4 months.  Getting flare ups in knee (which Doc says will go away in another month or so).  Colcrys has terrible side effects but gets the job done on the pain immediately.  Is a trade off I have to make for a while.
Excellent
I was prescribed 0.25mg of Xanax for my hyper-anxiety and panic attacks.  As a 200lb man I needed a 0.5mg dose.  Xanax really solves panic attacks well, and noticeably helps with my anxiety.  It makes it much easier to fall asleep which is great at bedtime, but can be a real problem in the morning.  Reading &quot;Feeling Good&quot; by Dr. David Burns also really helped treat the thoughts that led to panic and anxiety.
Lexapro has changed my life. I am now able to participate in so many activities that my anxiety wouldn 't allow me to do prior. There is side effects. I don 't sleep great and have crazy dreams. Dry mouth, skin and eyes is noticeably worse. Sexual feelings came back after a few months. Plus have more gas and stomach upset. But even with the side effects, my life has greatly improved.
Have had collagenous colitis for a couple of years. I was in agony a week ago with a flare up but this saved me.  I 'm supposed to be on it for Six weeks - then off. Scared about that. This is NOT a cure- it 's a bandaid - am on a special diet now and crossing my fingers.
I have had seizures for 40 years. I started on Dilantin and phenobarbital. I had breakthroughs with petit mal seizures, but my grand mals were controlled. When I became pregnant they stopped the phenobarbitol and started me on tegretol.  I had more seizures, petit mal and partial complex. Finally a new doctor started me on phenobarbital again with the Dilantin and Tegretol and I rarely have any seizures. When I do they are only petit mal and last only a minute or so.
I have taken 25mg for anxiety for 8 years. I went off when pregnant but anxiety returned upon delivery.  I can not say enough how much this drug has helped me. I don 't do the whole &quot;I want to feel good on my own&quot; thing anymore. I accept that I will always have anxiety but with Zoloft I live a normal life now. If I have a health scare and it comes on a bit I can still cope so much better now. I am so thankful for Zoloft.
Victoza is all the things everone says. Burping, Nausea, Sleepiness No food cravings oh yeah and you lose your appetite and tons of weight and so much more. That was my goal... I am down 20 lbs in 4 weeks. I will suck it up so I can for once take something that will actually help me lose this awful weight and rid me of this Diabetes nightmare. One thing I can say is, it is not for whimps.
I have had knee surgery and a fairly severe tailbone injury.  I also ride and train horses so I have lots of accidents/injuries on a regular basis.  Percocet really does help for pain, however, like some said, it also alters your mood.
I 'm on day one, really excited to get on week 12 and leave all this in the past, thank you all for your comments, God bless :)
Best drug I have been on so far.Has no side effects that I have found.Doesn 't make you feel sick or dizzy like other drugs have done for me.
I started taking 8 days ago and have not wanted to drink.  I have thought about it a couple times but I didn 't.   I drank every night for 34 yrs before that
My 6 yr old son was diagnosed with bipolar disorder I thought it was ADHD but they started him on zyprexa and we 've seen a lot of improvement in his behavior.would highly recommend, Virtually no side effects. He eats a little more but most 6 yr old hyperactive boys could stand to eat a little more.
Very effective!  I used over the counter (allergy) eye drops for years.  Elestat took care of the condition with 2 applications!
Had no negative side effects. Got rid of my UTI fast.
I been suffering with Cluster Headaches for over 10 years. I just used the injected form of Sumatripan. The pain was completely gone in 7 mins. Amazing!
I have tried many treatments for my eczema and this, and its generic form, have been the best. I get dry skin, redness, and cracking between my fingers, at the wrist and sometimes on the lower arm. One treatment at night and by morning the redness is gone, irritation gone, and after the 2nd day of treatment, no signs or symptoms of the eczema.
Started Benicar HCT 20/12.5 Sunday morning, Monday evening Blood Pressure was up, took second tablet that evening. Then took 1 morning and 1 evening. Friday morning woke up and walked downstairs with no aches or pains (morning walk has been painful for last 20 years). I hope this trend continues. Peeing every 90 mins, otherwise no side effects.
I have had cervical fusion in the past and when I am extremely stressed or do too much manual labor I sometimes get severe muscle spasms. I was given samples of Amrix and took it in the evening and slept like a baby. The next day at work I didn 't have any drowsiness, but also did not have spasms or pain until it was time to take again. I took it only for 5 days and it was enough to calm the muscles down.
Best ever for stopping itch of eczema.  Got to get used to the sleepiness, but gets better after long term use.
Was juggling a family, 30hr p/t job &amp; unive full time, whilst dealing with immediate relatives that were either ill or dying. Needless to say I hit rock bottom, was underweight &amp; felt like I was walking the  'Green Mile '!! I can only describe the feeling as if my body was running on  'flight ' mode. Clearly the extra adrenaline was needed as I was being pulled from pillar to post with deadlines, deadlines, deadlines. It got too much. No appetite, constant weight of despair on my chest, insomnia and endless worry. After a week of taking Mirt, the anxieties disappeared as did the despair. Felt normal but not in a drugged up way. Was able to sleep/wake well and focus.
I am 29 years old and have had narcolepsy since I was 7. I started Xyrem after three doctors recommended it. 9g/night in 2 doses, &amp; finally get the deep sleep I never had. I dream, but not the endless series of exhausting dreams that feel like memories, Nor dreams during the day! Some mornings I wake up feeling fantastic and motivated, some mornings I think, &lsquo;just one more hour!&rsquo; and need a cup of coffee or tea to get started. I think that is what normal feels like. Hardest part is not eating 4-5 hrs before, bc I like to go to bed around 8:45/9:30pm. Basically I have my life back and wish I&rsquo;d gone on Xyrem years ago instead of being afraid of side effects that haven&rsquo;t even happened on max dose. Thank you, Xyrem, for giving me my life back!
I 've been on this birth control for about 3 years and it has been great. It does the job. I thought iId write this review because I didn 't see many write ups about the generic version (MyLan) and I have been on both the brand name (Generess) for about 2 years or so and then switched to the generic for price purposes and have been on that for at least a year. I started Generess when I was in highschool because I had really uncomfortable heavy 7 day periods and was also in a long term relationship. I am now in college and when I switched to the generic version I had no change in side effects or periods. I very rarely get a period (5 '4, 115 pounds) and had no weight gain that I can attribute to the pill. My skin is clear and never got pregnant
I was prescribed  this drug after I got a pilonidal cyst drained. It worked great to keep any pain from occurring.  I found that it made me sleep a lot better if I was laying down and relaxing or already in bed, but it did not make me drowsy during the day or during activities.
I 've been on sertraline for two weeks now after being recently widowed, stressing about the loss,  stressing about money....i cared for my husband for 16yrs full time ss he couldn 't move from neck down.  Probably should have sought help before as the stress is big time....anyway,  now he 's died, its all come out and I 'm a jittery, jumpy emotional mess.  But I need to find work without breaking down at an interview.Yes its helped, I 'm not jumpy now, I can keep my emotions for when I 'm alone and I 'm more in control. Only thing is , occasional horrific headaches?
I first went on this medication in March of 2013 and almost a year later, I 've had to adjust it 3 times, going up to 4 finally. When I first started, I was sent into a manic like state for several hours, but after about a week, I started to sleep more than I ever did. I usually only got about 3 hours of sleep each and every night, starting from when I was 12 and up until I started Risperidone, which is when I was 18. It has helped with every single thing that was wrong with me, the delusions, hallucinations, dissociation, and homicidal feelings. I would definitely suggest trying this if you haven 't yet. It worked wonders with me.
This a very small quantity prep. I just reduced solid intake 48 hours. I had breakfast - mostly protein and started prep 5pm that day. Much easier to take using straw - I drank seven 8oz drinks over 3-4 hours - everytime I went to bathroom, I drank 8oz. I did not notice severe cramps etc. Second prep was harder and I only took four 8oz drinks. My last visit to bathroom was clear. Happy with this product...
Last June I participated in a road clean up and after a 1/2 mile I could no longer walk. Went to an orthopedist who took an xray. I got the impression that he just figured I was an overweight old lady who needed to complain. I heard his surprise when he saw I had bone on bone. He recommended 3 injections. The 1st one wasn 't bad. The 2nd hurt a bit and after the last one I couldn 't even get off the table it was so painful.  Relief has lasted a year and now I have an appointment to see a new doctor for another round. So, yes, as someone mentioned the doctor you use makes a difference!
Went into ER with gastroenteritis symptoms. Was given two injections of Zofran and a script for pills at home. Works so well and allows me to sleep really well. A very comfortable and calm feeling into a nice deep sleep. Works well for the nausea. 
Hi, I 'm a 48 yr old woman who has struggled with a lower thyroid and metabolism.  I started at 199lbs and weigh 179lbs now (started 12/7 and last weighed in on 3/14).  I consider 20 lbs a success, especially considering there was a vacation and two holidays involved.  I had some side effects, mostly dry mouth and a mild headache.  My biggest issue was not having any appetite - I don 't think it 's healthy to not eat enough food, so I had to remind myself to eat.  I track my food intake on myfitnesspal which helps me eat enough calories during the day.  The cost is getting expensive, but I still have 40 lbs to lose, so I think I will stay on it for a few more months. I go back to the doctor after one more month for  re-check and we will see what he says.
This has worked the best for me thus far.  I have been on several SEVERAL anti-depressants and by far this has been better with very little side effects.  Nausea has been the only downside at this point.  I missed two days due to my pharmacy being closed and didn 't have the &quot;brain zaps&quot; after missing.  Big plus in my book.
I 've been taking this for probably 3 months now. I feel like a completely different person. I went from not being able to get out of bed or do anything at all because I didn 't have any energy to being able to do whatever I wanted/needed to do. I also struggle with anxiety and it has not helped me at all in that aspect. I 've tried several medications for anxiety and nothing has helped the least bit yet. Otherwise, I feel great!
I have had stomach problems since I was  a child, and so far no doctor has been able to figure out what the problem is.  The only relief I have gotten is from Phenergan (promathezine). I call it my &quot;miracle drug&quot;.  Even when already vomiting, and nauseated, if I take 25mg, in only about 15-20 minutes I am relaxed and  vomiting/nausea is gone. It does knock you out for a good bit though, but if you have been up sick for awhile, this will be a much needed rest.  Promethazine, you are my hero and I love you.  
I love the NuvaRing. NO side effects. Easy - I just forget about it! I leave it in for 3 weeks, take it out for a week and my menstrual cycle comes for about 4 days then stops. It 's fool proof! I can 't even feel it. I was on the pill and had bad side effects - swollen, tender breasts and moody. NuvaRing 's a miracle!
When I moved to a place with a really hot climate,I started having horrible acne.I never had any issues with my skin before and i was devastated, I was 28 and having skin problems .I tried every facial wash,creams and scrubs. Nothing worked. Finally decided to see a derma after 2 yrs of fighting acne. He prescribed clindamycin and Differin. First weeks of using,my skin dried so badly. It was sore and sensitive esp around the eye area. Gradually though, my face cleared. It also helped slowly lighten the dark spots from healed acne.I didn 't have any of those initial breakouts but the change was really very gradual. It does work. Just be patient. I 'm now happy with my skin. Tip:after washing,MOISTURIZE! Then apply differin. Goodluck :-)
Moochie used to take Melleril, was always calm and hardly over ate. After being taken off that medication he now is prescribed Zyprexa. Zyprexa cost about 400 dollars for 30 pills and causes weight difference of 80lb gain over a three year period. Taking the Melleril never had signs of anxiety or stress. Slept comfortably and always went to bed on time at night. Since we no longer take the Melleril life has changed considerably. We now experience wandering at night, constant overeating to a weight gain already and he now being considered as obese. I recommend the Melleril as a excellent medicine as long as the side effects are not endangering the patient. The best medicine I 've used to provide comfort.
I have been using Stadol Nasal Spray for at least 15 years.  It is the best migraine medication for me that is out there.  However, my doctor has recently stopped prescribing it for me because the State Drug Board or whatever they are called started giving him a hard time for prescribing it for me.  I suffer migraines at least two times (if not more) a week and am really suffering without it.  Nothing else works.  The only bad side effect is some stomach discomfort at first, but it goes away as your body gets use to it.  My Doctor knows I need it but his hands have been tied.  
Took about a month to work and has helped immensely.
Been taking this for 5 years now an I love how I fall asleep now price is pretty expensive 30 pills cost me about 300$ but I do have insurance which I get it now for 32$ , the brand name lunesta is different story 30 pills was 500 so I just paid what I can
Completely helps with panic disorder, PTSD, and GAD. I have all three and Xanax provides immediate results to help calm me down. This is the only medication that works for my condition and recommend this to those who need help fast.
I 've been using it for 3 days now, only at night. I have combination skin normally and this gel doesn 't dry out my skin like other topical creams. My face is clearing up very nicely. By the way I have cystic acne and there is no burning or stinging like other reviewers have experienced. Everyone 's skin is different but I would highly recommend trying Acanya.
I had versed and propofol for a colonoscopy and it was wonderful.  I went out like a light and then almost instantly woke up afterwards.  I was not even sleepy the rest of the day and could have driven home (although it would not have been advisable). There was no pain upon injection and no soreness at the injection site.  Propofol was used as I throw up if I take any kind of narcotics or synthetic narcotics.
Works well, but the taste is horrible. I 'm taking them twice a day for a week. For the first couple of days, I had diarrhea very bad and after taking the medication, I ended up with a yeast infection. So, I had to treat that as well with a 7 day cream.
I 've had it for about 3 years now &amp; it just keeps getting worse.. I have all the symptoms of having an ovarian cyst in both sides, but have gotten x-rays &amp; &quot;nothing is wrong.&quot; Major, unbearable cramping... To the point where I 'm crying... It works very effectively but at a cost. My period has never been 10 days long. Sometimes I get 2 periods a month within 12 days of each other. I get pms 1-2 weeks before my actual period &amp; constantly discharge. I 'm highly considering getting it removed.
I have tried many different kinds of antidepressants but I must say that Wellbutrin XL300mg has been the best. I have been on it  for  3 years. I am so much happier and just feel better in general. The only side effect I have had while taking it is dry mouth. I was always a calm, attentive student even before I had the medicine. But since I have been taking it so long, if I happen to miss one or more days of taking it, I act as if I have ADHD. I am unable to focus and talk like a Chatty Cathy. If you have ever seen a little seven year old with really bad ADHD.That 's me. I will skip in place, bounce up and down, and what not. I have NEVER had ADHD or ADD (I am super calm), but if I don 't take it I act like it. That 's my one and only problem.
This medicine is a miracle for me.  I used to be on Zyprexa, I am also on Abilify, Trileptal, Klonopin.  On Saphris I was able to diet and exercise and lost about 28 pounds.  Occasionally I have difficulty sleeping, but this medicine is the best I have come across.  Along time ago I used to be on Lithium.  I have also responded well to Navane.  I almost was in the hospital until I tried the Klonopin.  Anyone trying this medicine, in my opinion should be careful because it is so new.  I have read the product insert and reactions with other medicines is not well studied.  Currently I am dieting and exercising, socializing, and just about normal.  I do have periods where my mood swings are preset along with a little paranoia.
I am 51 years old and grew up taking Creomulsion Cough Syrup for coughs and colds.  I always gave my two sons Creomulsion Cough Syrup for their coughs.  I tried other new medicines but nothing soothes a cough like Creomulsion.  Recently, my autistic son had a cold and a cough.  I went to CVS and to Rite Aid and neither one of them carries Creomulsion. When I find out who does sell Creomulsion, I will buy a couple of bottles to keep on hand.  I 'm thinking of contacting CVS and Rite Aid and suggesting that they carry it.
Used opioids for years went on methadone and movantix and worked within hours after not going for a week at a time almost regularly.  Now go everyday and have lost 10 pounds to boot!  So happy this drug exists . I had no pain at first a little intestinal cramping moving out of my system,  after a few days regular no cramping at all,   miracle fix for constipation for people who have to regularly take pain meds!
I 've tried everything for my cluster headaches per my doctor with little success but this medication in combination with topamax seems to be *magic*!!!  I feel like a new person!  When I first went to my neurologist I was deeply depressed because a day didn 't go by that I wasn 't suffering from a headache and I would cry at night wishing that in the morning I wake up headache free. And for the first time in my life I am. I pray this doesn 't change!!
43 yr old male.For me this is close to a miracle cure, it has given my life back. I have had stomach and esophagus lesions due to way too much aspirin/ ibuprofen/digesics/codeine trying to halt an attack. No more screaming in E.R rooms waiting for pethidine/morphine. No more thoughts off grabbing a drill to stop the throbbing pain. I actually have a life after 26 yrs of suffering 2-4 attacks a week each last up to 36 hrs each. Numerous preventive medicines didn%u2019t work. I am truly in debt to the manufacturers and the on call doctor who gave me to Maxalt. Takes about 40-90 minutes to work with a second dosage sometimes needed. My fear is the more i take it the less effective it will become as lately I need the second wafer.
Hi ladies!  So let me just preface by saying take a deep breath.  That was exactly what I needed to do when I visited this page almost 3 months ago, frantically searching for testimonials and reassurance this product would keep me from becoming a mom before I was ready. In my scenario, I was at a party, drank too much and was sexually taken advantage of by some unfortunate human being. Because I was so out of it, I couldn 't remember if he used a condom/wore it the whole time, so I researched and found out about Plan B. I bought and took it 40 hours later, and after 3 days, I began having major cramps, got my period (2 weeks early), and was/am not pregnant. Relax and try to stay stress free; the chances of it working are in your favor!
I have bipolar I disorder with psychotic and depressive features and a diagnosis of ADHD. I take meds for all three conditions. I take Vyvanse 50mg in the AM. When that wares off, I take Evekeo 10 mg twice every 4-5 hours, PM. I also take my stimulants with Ativan as I also have anxiety too. Evekeo is perfect for me. It doesn 't make me feel hyper nor does it give me that  'high ' feeling. It normalizes me and I can actually be driven and calm at the same time. Since I take two stimulants, you 're probably wondering how in the world. All I can say is that Vyvanse doesn 't last all day long for me, so I supplement with Evekeo. I take Evekeo once Vyvanse wares out. I 'm happy with them both.
Day One. Since I had my son, via c-section, 4 years ago, I have been addicted to pain pills. What started out as something to take away my pain, turned into a full blown addiction. At my worst I was taking about 60mg/day worth of pain pills, and today I started Suboxone. Since it is my first day, I can 't say it has changed my life, but for right now, I can say I do feel better. It did take away the cravings and withdrawal symptoms, but I think it is too soon to say how long this will last. I hope this will help  to rid myself of this nasty opiate addiction.
Orinase (Entod Pharma): This helps clear my congestions. Personally, Otrivin is not helpful to me.
1 started taking 75mg a few days ago also I smoke weed as well for chronic back pain and previous anxiety...  I haven 't noticed to many negative side affects but my sex drive isn 't as high but it all still works, I have noticed little positives here and there but it takes some of that dwelling it allows me to produce clear and concise arguments
This med delivered exactly what it was made to do. I found it very effective and extremely easy on my body with no side effects whatsoever.I highly recommend it for anyone who has been on opioids for as long as I have, which is a very long time.
I am on galapentin (neurontin)for a year now.I take 900 mg 3 times a day.It 's been very effective with nerve issues.I have a new knee and 18 pins in my leg and 15 surgeries under my belt.The dreams are vivid as I 've read others experienced. I also am on 60 mg of oxycontin 2 times a day and take xanax 4 times a day as needed.  My doctor previously didn 't prescribe the gabapentin and I 've noticed a big difference in nerve pain relief.It does take few days to get full effect of medicine but does work. In my case I may not ever be able to walk but since this medicine I feel I can really give it 110% because it is effective. Just beware not to drive on meds till u get thru side effects. Give it a chance it will help.
I came online months ago after I had my first son in search of birth control. I saw all the horror stories about Mirena and cancelled my appointment right away. After trying the pill and constantly forgetting I went ahead and set up another appointment. The installation of Mirena for me was painless, probably because I got it not long after my son was born. I had some spotting for a week or two but I 've had Mirena since January or February and I LOVE IT. I 've had one period (which was very light). I haven 't gained any weight from what I know but I wasn 't losing my pregnancy pounds like all my friends were. Now that I 'm watching what I eat the pounds are falling right off. I do get occasional cramping but nothing serious. I recommend this!
I have had Rheumatoid Arthritis since the early 80 's and have been on every drug there was. I started Enbrel as soon as it came in the country and have had wonderful results. I am no longer in severe pain and my joints stopped swelling. I do have to watch for colds cuz they go right to my lungs if I take a shot that week. This is the BEST drug on the market, now they need to bring down the cost!! Very expensive.
I had Kyleena inserted about one month ago and it really wasn 't bad at all. I 'm 19 and have never had kids and insertion just felt like an intense period cramp. It only lasted about one minute. I was crampy for about fifteen minutes after, but was able to be up and go to class the rest of the day. I spotted for two days. My first period included pretty bad cramps and prolonged bleeding, but after that I stopped bleeding, except for occasional spotting. I love this IUD and would definitely recommend it to others. I have my check up on Monday, but so far so good!
After trying several different birth control options (pill/IUD) this is by far the best one so far ... I 've been taking it for a little over 4 years and it is very effective with  minimal side effects - mostly physical symptoms like slight dizziness from time to time and slight discoloration on my face which is easily covered with powder.  Over the course of the last year or two, my periods went from your average 5 to 7 day period to a very nice 3 day, very light period.
I just want to share my experience because I 'm pretty impressed with this pill. I was on another pill previously and it was okay except for the fact that I would spot ALL THE TIME, which got annoying. So my Dr suggested I try this to see if my spotting would stop and at first I was hesitant to try it due to bad reviews I 've read but I 'm glad I tried it anyways because so far I don 't have any negative reaction to it. No headaches, no increased appetite, no weight gain, no breast tenderness, I don 't find myself really emotional, no pmsing which is great. I would recommend trying it, it take about 3 months for your body to adjust to bc pills. I 'm glad it 's working out for me, better than the previous pill I was on :)
This medicine is unbelievable! I stopped smoking after 30 years of 1 pack a day. The thing is I never really wanted to stop in the first place. It was just getting so expensive that when my Doctor suggested it I thought what the heck. I started the medicine and followed the directions, and actually didn 't stop until the 5th day.( I had part of a pack left at the end of the 4th day)I prepared myself for the big urge, like I had experienced before when I tried to quit cold turkey. NEVER HAPPENED!
Wow what a difference maker.  I am a young Male (30ish) and have found that Vyvanse has been such a life changer. I am gettiing so much more done at work. When I go home at night I find myself enjoying my time with my children more. I am not getting the crash effect I was experiencing with other medicines. That reason alone is so worth it. I have not had any side effects, well maybe minor dry mouth, but it last me 12-13 hours.  It is truly an awesome medication. I would recommend it.
Hi, I am sharing my opinion with maximum respect to all readers and based only on my own experience. I 've had migraine almost all my life. I am 44. My migraine was 50% pain and 50% mood change (which was terrible or even worse than the pain). This has been deeply affecting my quality of life, my relations (mood changes) and also at work.  The last neurologist I visited put me on Amitriptyline 25mg. The medicine helped a bit reducing the frequency of the migraines. However migraines came back and the last attack lasted for 3 weeks. He changed the dose to 50 mg. I am now 71 days without migraine and still counting. I am a new person and I wish my comment may help others.
Started this medication 2 days ago.about 3 weeks ago I fell down some stairs and hurt myself. Went in and my highest weight ever! (269.7#)I started eating healthy to prevent Weight gain while nursing injuries. Saw the doctor Thursday 12/1 and prescribed phentermine (and thankfully down to 267#). I weighed in this morning at 263# For those discouraged, please don 't forget this is to help maintain a healthy lifestyle change. I have arthritis in my feet so I 'm hoping to Kickstart the weight loss to make exercise easier on my poor feet. Until then, I 've been walking 30 minutes daily. I 'll keep you all posted. Baby steps!
Works great. I have not had any side effects, no headache or vision problems. 50 years old and still going strong thanks to Levitra. A half hour before the foreplay works for me. Sexual activity has lasted as long as an hour and a half after that old age sets in. Most times I 'm good for 45 to 60 minutes of HARD action.
Wow this cream works I have pcos and after years of plucking every day as the hair was so bad my doctor prescribed vaniqa . The difference is very noticeable after under 2 months.
Amazing drug! I 'm 30 and suffering from little ED stress related, I met an amazing woman but I was to stressed to keep a hard one. Decided to try Viagra, took a 50 mg and after 30 minutes we had the most amazing sex ever! I swear that we had sex for two hours, she climaxed multiple times and I only climaxed when I decided to,  At no time did I have any problems during sex and never experienced any side effects.
Okay so I 'm writing here because when I was freaked out these reviews really helped me. Do not worry this pill will work. This is the reason it exists, I had unprotected sex during a very fertile time and possibly even during ovulation. I took the pill about 7 hours after. Period was due in about 2 weeks and it came today a couple days early! I had no side effects other than tiredness for the first day and some diarrhea. Other than that it was just a waiting game. But it worked for me and I 'm sure it will work for you too, stay calm and know that this pill works
The best blood pressure pill I 've taken. My BP stays at 120/70. My doctor said that 's the best it 's ever been. I 've had no side effects from it. I use the prescription card and get it for $40 a month. My Obamacare insurance does not pay for this.
I was given Zyban to stop smoking.  After three days I realized I had not smoked or wanted to in two days.  It was that fast.  I had no side effects that I remember and stopped taking them after two weeks.  It 's been close to 10 years now and I have absolutely no craving or desire to smoke.  At the time I began Zyban I had smoked over a pack a day for about 14 yrs.
I had been on almost every medication and was on Prednisone for 2 years.  I was at the end of my rope and thought I 'd never get better.  I reluctantly took Humira and I was so scared of giving myself shots.  After the initial loading 4 I cried.  I started out taking a shot every 2 weeks and it took me quite a while to actually depress the injector.  I have now been on Humira weekly for over a year and my life is quite different.  I am glad to get up in the morning, happy to go to work, elated to go the grocery store - all without scoping out a restroom first.  I feel alive for the first time since I was diagnosed.  I wait everyday for the Humira to quit working and I hope it doesn 't.  For now I 'll take what it has given me.
I 've always had super clear skin then recently broke out in a really aggressive bit of Rosacea all over my chin and it was spreading-my confidence was out the window so I went to the doctors and she prescribed me with Finacea-at first it didn 't do much and there were times it would flare up and I thought it was actually getting worse but I kept using it twice a day anyway and in the 3rd week it started clearing up more and more every day! I 'm now in my 4th week using it and it is almost completely clear-it does take a little time to take effect but the results are so worth the persistence!
If Advair is causing side effects in your mouth and throat, TRY RINSING AND GARGLING WITH SALT WATER immediately after using Advair.  This simple process has made Advair tolerable.  And like my doctor says, &quot;You must breathe&quot;. 
I HAD Hep -c 1 for something like 45 years before it was found in my blood stream. I have Diabetes and went in for a normal kidney test. However, when the DR started poking around just like the old fashion Doctors used to do, she realized that my liver and spleen were very enlarged. She proceeded to take a blood test and bingo, she caught my Hep after all those years. A biopsy also determined that I had compensated cirrhosis, which the Dr explained to me that was the very begging stages of cirrhosis, thankfully !!  But in May 2014 I started the 12 week Sovaldi  Olysio treatment plan, The first time I had any treatment at all. In 4 weeks I was undetectable and at my request I was tested last month 18 months still undetectable! No side effects!
I am currently taking 30mg twice a day. I haven 't been on it to long, roughly around 4 weeks. During my first few days to a week I had horrible headaches, which slowly started to ease off. Towards the end of my 1st week I started with 2 side effects. Dry skin &amp; dry lips. Nothing to bad. Around the middle of my 2nd week I started breaking out really bad. Which was suspected. Within that time frame I had a few crying spells just bc I felt so ugly. By week 3, my face started clearing up! I haven 't had no other side effects. No depression. No mood swings really. I kinda stay bitchy. So that was nothing new. I absolutely love this medicine. I have suffered with acne since I was 14. I am now 25. I use aquaphor for lips and cetaphil face wash.
I was scared to death to take this medication after four years tapering off of ssri 's and benzos but I struggled for four months on two hours or less of sleep each night and finally broke down because my health was failing from the stress of ongoing insomnia. I use 50mg right before bed and I sleep six to eight hours. I have horrible nightmares but I had them even when on no medication. I have daytime side effects of weakness and slight dizziness. I also feel less anxiety but I feel sort of dead inside and no longer smile or laugh. Which, believe it or not I still managed at times with no medication and only two hours of sleep! I am going to continue with this medication for a couple of months and then taper it down if possible.
After years of pain, I  was diagnosed with fibro about two years ago. I thought I could change my diet and lifestyle to make the pain go away. Using vitamins, going gluten free, light supportive yoga etc. After suffering for about 5 years I finally broke down and went back to my doctor to ask for medication. She gave me savella. I have just completed the graduated starter pack, and let me tell you....work thru the nausea, insomina, dizziness and headaches. I have never felt this good in my life. I still don 't have much of an appetite, and get a headache here and there, and from my clothes hanging off of me, I know I have lost weight. (I refuse to own a scale, they are evil!) I start my second month tomorrow, and pray that this continues.
Tremendous reduction in pain.  I have been on the medication since May and have gone from bone shattering pain at the bridge of my nose and between my eyes 24X7 to only two or three bad headaches a week.  I have just had my dose increased to knock even those out, I 'll let you know how much better I feel in four months.  I would have given it a 10 if it wasn 't for the weight gain.
After going off of this medication and switching to a less expensive one, I became so fuzzy headed and unclear. It was horrible. Once I went back on it, it took about four weeks for it to start working again. Finally I started seeing things more clearly and things were getting easier to sort out for me. This is my miracle drug. If you have anxiety or any kind of fear, I would recommend this med.
Im female, 60 &amp; petite - type 1b, F3 - 500,000+ and into 3rd week (started Aug 18th) of 12 for Harvoni.  No other meds and just a one-a-day multi.. So far so good and I did notice some minor things in the first 2 weeks but it has gotten easier.  Within the first few day 's my energy increased, my eyes became whiter and what felt like a film over my eyes for years, vanished.  I hadn 't associated that with Hep C before.  My skin seems a little dryer but really.. its been easier than I thought.  I drink lots of water and other fluids throughout the day and that seems to help reduce any side effects.  I do feel a little like a lab rat though but will remain cautiously optamistic going forward.
i am trying to get info on what the max dose should be-I was on eight 80mgs a day-new dr brought me down to three-its not enough-I have been pleading with him for 6 months now-I have been taking them since they first came out and 900 mgs of morphine b4 that-broke my back at 14 I have 6 fused vertebrae with 2 9&quot; herrington rods in my back-2 collapsed discs and full of arthritis I run out early every week I am 65-did all the other things -steroids hydro therapy etc etc-name it I tried I just need 1 pill back per day-any advice?
Tried Gabapentin 400 mg x 2 Daily for my back pain. I have 18 pieces of metal in my lower back in my L3 L4 and L5. So far my pain level has dropped from a 8 down to a 2. I haven 't been this pain free in years, It also helped me with my Insomnia. I take it a hour before bed time and with in a hour I 'm able to relax and calm down enough to sleep.This drug really works for me, I hope it helps you,
Seroquel has taken away most of my anxiety. I still have fears, but this is  normal. I take 100 mg and I have been on it for about six months.
I love this. I don 't go all the time and the flow is strong. I had dry mouth in the beginning but that is subsiding. I don 't have any other side effects. It feels great to sleep through the night without going. I feel normal again.
I have been taking Adipex for 11 days now and I have lost 11 pounds.  I am so happy.  I really can 't believe it.  I keep checking the scale because I have never been able to lose weight this fast.  I have been doing light exercise but nothing to hard.  I weighed 305lbs when I started now I weigh 294lbs.  My short term goal is to lose 20lbs by the time I go back to the doctor in 2 weeks, but my long term goal is to lose 100lbs.
After 2 years of pain after my total knee replacement , I was prescribed every narcotic under the sun, would work for 1-2 weeks then back to pain. I finally went to a pain management doctor and he prescribed the 1.3 Flector patch. Within the first 30 mins experienced relief. I wear two of them one on either side of the knee. I have been on them for one month, I use them for about 10 hrs a day. The only bad side effect I have experienced is massive weight gain. About 15 lbs in only one month. It does warn you on the label about possible fast weight gain. I have always maintained my weight by give or take 5 lbs...but 15lbs in 1 month is absurd.
I have chronic lower and upper back pain.This is the only medication that takes the pain away and allows me to work and go on with my day without pain.
I find it very effective much better than synthetic drugs. Feel much better taking it.
After having sex for the first time and not using a condom, I picked up Take Action 2 hours after and ladies it definitely works! I was super stressing out because I was 2 days late but it 's better than being pregnant. But I 'm having the worst cramps ever and extreme nausea to the point were I have no appetite. Nonetheless, it 's a life saver!
No more blood checks, bruising not as bad with Praxada.
I was afraid to take this medication I went online and looked it up and read so many bad things about it hair loss memory loss etc ... I am so glad I went ahead and gave it a try for myself I think it 's a miracle drug ! It 's helped stabilize my mood, taken away my migraines and even helped me lose a few pounds !!! I haven 't had any negative side effects at all from it ! I know it 's effects everyone differently and for me personally it 's been great I love it!
Minimal side effects, works extremely well as a mood stabilizer (this after a history of 12 years on psychiatric medication with intermittent success).
It&rsquo;s now six months since my psychiatrist switched me to 150mg daily of this drug from 40mg Escitalopram, which had worked for me but quite suddenly ceased to be effective - so much so that I became intent on suicide. Instantly, I became a zombie &ndash; constantly exhausted, irritable, unable to concentrate, loss of sexual function and basically subsisting from day to day. Whilst I now felt too lethargic to even contemplate suicide, my doctor thought these side-effects were unusual and so we tried halving the dosage, but 75mg proved inadequate and just made me feel wired. Since adjusting the dosage to 112.5mg, however, I feel so much better and all of the initial side-effects have since abated, so for me, getting the dosage right was crucial.
Day 5 - cigarettes are making me sick. Can 't smoke anymore. Just quit after 20 years.
Been constipated for 2 days now. Bought the cherry flavor and took the indicated at night by the morning have never felt so good felt the bloating go away also. Poop my guts out 
I 'm 37 and was always healthy and pain free till 1 yr ago. I started having pain in my feet and heals, and my stomach &amp; bowels, it got worse gradually. I started having pain in my left wrist, ankles, knee, shoulders and neck, even a couple of my toes also had a fever off and on. I had swelling and couldn 't even walk. I had no idea what was going on till I went to a rheumatoid doc and he found out I had ankylosing spondylitis.  He started me on enbrel and I stayed off my feet for a week resting my body.  I got better and better ever week no pain at all. I just now am noticing my feet hurting, one knee and by shoulders and very fatigue .  I 'm praying that the medicine  is still working.  It 's been exactly a yr since I started the enbrel.
Best thing I 've ever done, tried every other possible way to stop &amp; this is the only thing that has broken my nine year daily drinking habit, I couldn 't recommend it highly enough to anyone out there that just can 't stop. I take it at night as it makes me drowsy but suits me as it now serves as a sleeping pill as well, a bit dizzy &amp; nauseous in morning but early days. I take 1/2 tablet - 50mg every second night
I have been taking  Invokana   100mg for 1 yr No side effects blood sugar 5.2Lost 60lbs  I feel great . I just pee 5x a night
I am very satisfied taking Lamictal 100mg daily. For the last two years from my most recent manic attack, I have not experienced any bad side effects about the pill.Unlike Depakote and Seroquel, it gave me a massive weight gain. Lamictal is good for people if you are not getting any rashes. I give this drug a rating of 9 for its efficacy.
I was at my wits end with trying to lose weight. My doctor prescribed Adipex. I started on October 11/2011 as 01/2012 I have lost a total of 45 pounds! I weighed 259 I 'm now 215 I would like to lose a total of 104 pounds. I am very healthy, workout out five days a week using a combination if walking /running five miles, high impact cardio, weights, and household chores.I love the new me. My advice is please don 't depend solely on the pill you must do your part.
I switched from Cymbalta which has never done anything great for me.  As soon as I started Fetzima people started saying they saw a difference in me.  I don 't know what I would have done without Fetzima.  For the first time since I can remember I feel like a regular human being.  I have horrible social anxiety and if I can make myself get out there I do very well now.  I no longer keep silent and feel like I shouldn 't have the right to speak.  I just feel normal like everyone else.  I feel happy and normal.  All thanks to Fetzima.  My blood pressure has gone up but all I did was quite my coffee and caffeine.  Actually I took up green tea which has caffeine but my blood pressure is down now.  I 'd gladly give that up to feel as good as I do.
I 've been on Cymbalta for many years after my doctor had tried a number of antidepressant medications.  It has worked wonderfully for me and kept me on an even keel since I began taking it.  I am lucky that I had a good experience with this medication.
I had 65% coverage of my body with thick plaque psoriasis. PUVA, methaltrexate, every cream in the book....no improvement. Was fortunate enough to join the clinical trials for stelara in 2005, have been injecting 90 mg every 3 months since then.  I am 99.9% clear with no flare ups and PA under control. No side effects that I can recognize. To me Stelara is a life changer.
Miracle drug! The side effects can be daunting at first, like tingling/numbness in extremities that won 't stop for hours, but if you increase your water intake substantially and power through, it 's totally worth it. My daily tension headaches are 90% gone, which is huge for me. It didn 't do much in terms of overall muscle pain reduction or the daily body aches, but I did lose over 30 pounds in four months. I stopped drinking all carbonated drinks (because it makes them all taste super flat weirdly) and definitely am not as hungry as I used to be, so that 's just a bonus.
I got into a burnout and had anxiety, depressive and obsessive thoughts. I couldn 't sleep anymore. My Doctor initially prescribed Paxil but the side effects were horrible so she switched me to Lexapro. My symptoms gradually went away over a month. The only side effect I had was mild weight gain which I could not sweat off until I quit the medication.I stayed on Lexapro for just over a year while I also did CBT. I gradually quit over a 6-wk period with no withdrawal symptom.Lexapro litteraly saved my job, relationship and my sanity. I only have good comments to say about this drug.
I have taken this product, when it became available, for years. I had started with Fiorinal 111 for Migraines 37 years ago, it 's my understanding the Ascomp w/codeine is a generic form of the Fiorinal 111.I can not live without this product as I have from 4 - 15 or more Migraines a month. Since I have started taking them daily the Migraines have been reduced to 5-6 a month and not as sever as they were previously. I just do not understand how the price has escalated so much just in the past 8 - 10 yrs. I used to pay $7.00 for 100 capsules and now since I am taking 2 a day a 3 mo. supply (180) capsules are $277.00 and my part D (medicare) will pay nothing toward the cost.
Belsomra offers a voucher for FREE (10 days of 10mg, 10 days of 15mg and 10 days of 20mg) so I tried them all and now I am going to use the voucher for $3 ($90 a month) a pill if your insurance requires a payment of more than $150 and $1 ($30 a month) a pill if insurance requires a payment of less than $150 since I haven 't met my deductible.   I was just visiting this site to see how long it takes for the dosage to level off since I am feeling a little drowsy on the 20mg. So if you need to try it to save a little money use the vouchers.  I love this pill since I was taking amitriptyline before and was always so exhausted the next day.  I think I will try the 20mg for the month and back down to the 15mg if I am exhausted by the next refill
I 've been taking Ativan for over a year and a half. It 's a wonderful quick cure for anxiety. I recently have been going through some rough times and my anxiety has been through the roof.  But thanks to my wonderful doctoring staff, I have been handling it very well. 
I have PCOS (polycystic ovarian syndrome) and endometriosis. When I am in the hospital they always give me a low dose 0.5mg in IV form and it takes the pain away for 3-4 hours. They tried morphine but that only last for literally 30 minutes. It makes me sleep good and the pain is gone for like I said 3-4 hours. IV push every 4 hours. It 's a miracle drug!
I got prescribed 0.5mg of Xanax, that I take once a day. My wife had just died. My anxiety was so bad I would not leave the house nor would I barely eat. It made me feel alive again and I 'm able to function, and get out and socialize like a normal person again. I actually have a appetite now, and I 'm getting good sleep again, which I haven 't felt in a long time. Xanax really saved my life.
I have used Excedrin for approximately 15 years and it does the trick in probably about 95% of my headaches. There are a few that it does not stop but the trick really is taking it at the first sign of a headache and not waiting. Usual relief comes in approximately 15 to 20 minutes.
This medication has changed my life. I have been on Wellbutrin XL 150mg for 3 months. From being completely reserved and unable to motivate myself to socially interact, I am now willing and able to easily socialise. I have lost close to 10kg in this time as well. I also had debilitating anxiety and paranoia which are just no longer featuring in my daily life. I am able to exercise and workout with excitement and enjoyment again and find it hard to imagine how bad my coping skills were before this med. it also increased my mental alertness and ultimately my confidence. No side effects, doesn 't even feel like you are taking medication.
Hadn 't had a bowel movement in 3 days (I usually go once in the morning so this was abnormal for me) and had pain in my stomach. Doctor prescribed Dulcolax. I read the reviews on here and was a bit apprehensive. Nevertheless, I took it as prescribed. One 5mg tablet before bed with a full glass of water. I woke up about 9 hours later with that feeling like I had to go - and I did! This is a good medication, I only experienced some slight cramping after I went. 2 days later and my bowels are back to normal. Thank you Dulcolax!
I have used Rythmol or Propafenone for over 13 years for atrial fibrillation with good results. I 'm taking 225mg twice a day. I drink lots of coffee with no problems.  Alcoholic beverages will trigger my atrial fibrillation 95% of the time so I know longer drink. Wine seems to be the worst culprit. I have thought about an ablation but since the Rythmol works so well, I 'm hesitant to have the procedure.
Started taking Ambien 5 years ago while I was in nursing school. I would sometimes only get 45 minutes of sleep without it. With it I could easily sleep 8  hours. It worked amazingly well. Now, 5 years later, it seems I have built up quite the tolerance and sometimes need to take 2 just to make me half sleepy. Another problem is my doctor does not like to give me refills as this medicine is meant for short term use. He does refill it, but only after a long lecture every month.
I was prescribed Vicoprofen after I had some wisdom teeth surgically removed.  I have to admit, it worked great.  I was in some serious pain, and could tell EXACTLY the minute it started to wear off.  But soon as I took another, the pain was gone within minutes.I can see where it would be habit-forming, as it does give me a warm and fuzzy feeling.  Kind of euphoric, I guess.  Just be careful and only allow yourself to take it when you really need it.My only complaint is... yes... it does leave you a little constipated for a day or so after you 've used it.  Get yourself some Dulcolax or something if you 're going to be on it for any prolonged period of time.
This is my first month with Nuva Ring. The first week was awful. I had nausea and headache. It lasted for a full week. I was about to take it out, but I didn%u2019t. Now I am at the 3rd week and I don%u2019t have nausea or headache. I didn%u2019t want to tell my hubby about the Nuvaring to see if he could notice it. He said that he felt something there. I read before that you could take it out for less than 3 hours and still are protected. So next time I am doing that. Also, while we were having sex it felt really warm/hot inside, so I would say that is a good idea (for me anyways) to remove it before sex.
I still sweat more than the average person but it is decreased enough soo can wear normal clothing and not sweat through them everyday
I started using Privine drops in 1966. I started using the spray when it came out several years later. I am still using the spray to this day. Why? Because it works. It does not irritate my nasal membrane like other brands that I tried. Insight pharm has discontinued manufacture of the spray, that is sad. However the drops may still be obtainable.
After trying many different anti-depressants and sleep aids with little to no results, my doctor put me on 75mg of Amitriptyline for severe postpartum depression and anxiety with insomnia.  This was the miracle I needed. I sleep really well now am back to my happy,healthy self.  I have dry mouth as a side effect, but I have learned to chew gum and use biotene at bed time. This regimen has made that one side effect tolerable and I don 't mind it, considering what this medicine has done for me. I workout regularly and watch what I eat so I have not experienced any weight gain.
Miracle medicine. I had horrible cystic acne about ten years ago and Accutane is the only medicine that worked-and I had tried everything. I was so depressed, no self esteem, avoided people, mirrors. The most depressing thing in life is not feeling able to participate. I just wanted to hide. Also, the acne was very painful. There was no concealing this type of acne with makeup. Anyways, Accutane cleared it up COMPLETELY. The side effects were minimal-dry lips. Even if I have health issues in the future, which I 'm sure I won 't, I will never regret taking Accutane.
Extremely effective and few side effects, which unfortunately include impotence.
I got the Nexplanon in September of 2013. I have had no period til recently (July 2015). It will I for two weeks then stop for about 4 days then start up again.  I have also gained an extreme amount of weight, 65 lbs, and I can 't get it off of me to save my life.  I 'm going back to the Gyno next week but this is the most dreadful experience ever right now and I 'm not scheduled to get it out til next September.  (2016)
Ambien is like a little piece of heaven in a pill. I have been on 12.5 Cr since 2009. Before this I tried all the others. Ambien is the only drug that helps me fall asleep. I  recommend  this drug.
This medicine has literally helped so much,  I take it with my Adderall but on occasions I 'm out of Adderall this is where this medicine is awesome it helps withdrawals,  my mood energy I think it 's one of the best medicine is out there
I 'm 48. First time I had an anxiety in the grocery store, and a few other times, it scared me, did not want to feel that feeling again. I checked with my Doctor and he prescribe me this medication. I was very nervous to take such a thing, because I 've never been on this or any other medicines. So he started me on a small dose. I 've been on for 4 weeks now. The first 2 days I had some side affects with a headache and not sleeping. On the 3rd day the side affects went away. The 5th day I started to feel good to go outside, walk the dog, just to get out of the house and get back to normal things that I used to do. I 'm very happy that I started this medicine. I 'm hoping that I won 't have to take it for long. The medicine is awesome! Wish you well!
No after effects.
I was recently prescribed this when I went to the doctor for a SEVERE (migraine-like) sinus headache. It is expensive but totally worth every penny! It works right away - you can feel the congestion/stuffiness breaking up immediately! I take this 2 times per day along with Allegra D-24 hour 1 time a day. I went from having the severe sinus headaches every single day to getting one maybe once per month. I also posted under the Allegra category - that works wonders!
47 yr. old male with light skin (Irish) here.  Was reluctant to try and put it off for years.  Finally, this summer my doctor talked me into it.  It was rough, no doubt.  The first few days of session one, nothing - then it began.  Cold-like symptoms lasted about a week (sore throat, cough) and face was pretty beat up just as advertised the rest of session one and into the beginning of the two-week off window.  I wore a hat when outside or in public - that helped.  Took about 5 days after session one to go back to normal, but wow!  There was a lot of Actinic Keratosis spots I had no idea I had.  Praise God I did it. 2nd session about the same happened, just not as bad.  All-in-all, it 's only a few weeks and is better than denial and death.
I 've been on Epiduo for quiet some time now. I went from using it everyday to once a week! It 's super effective and I LOVE it! I recommend Epiduo to everyone with acne. I used to have a face full of acne now I only have like one or two pimples. Epiduo is amazing!
I don 't know about the efficacy of this vaccine but I had no issues with the shot itself. It stung maybe slightly more than a flu vaccine but not bad. I had no other side effects. I got it in my 20s. My son got the vaccine too and his experience was similar - no issues. It seems to be a well-researched vaccine with a good safety record and HPV is so common these days that I think it 's a good idea.
After a stroke at 36 years old it became quite apparent I needed to quit. There was no way I could do it on my own though. I only smoked 1.5 packs per day but they were menthol and I inhaled them very deeply. Waking my wife up at night coffing for about an hour along with the stroke I figured what the hell. She said I was quite nasty while I was on it ( 2 months ) but I really don 't remember it. I did however eat a pill on an empty stomach once and thought it was burning a hole in my stomach that went on for about three hours.Chantix saved my life it 's been 12 years and still going.Thanks Chantix Creators Doug
I 'm a 27 year old Female weighing 235 I started this medication 01/06/2017 as of today 01/23/2017 I am down to 222! This medicine has really helped me change my eating habits and stick with it. I love the energy it gives me and I always feel &quot;ready&quot; for my day.. not sluggish anymore.. I LOVE IT. my goal is 170lbs.. hoping I can reach my goal
I have taken Prozac for about fifteen years. No more cyclical valleys of depression followed by highs. Capable of handling extreme stress, exercising, weekly sex - reduced libido. My weight has stayed the SAME. The two to three times of exercising a week is all it takes to be healthy. Only downside is acting out dreams 3-4 times a year and kicking legs while sleeping. The dreams I can 't predict. The kicking legs can be sensed in early evening and I just take two Liquid Advils to subdue them. Life Is Good!
I am here to talk about the pain. My experience was very traumatizing for me but that has everything to do with personal issues and some past experiences and nothing to do with the procedure. The beginning of the visit was like a normal pelvic exam visit. Little discomfort when I was being cleaned and prepped, the insertion of the device was the worst pain, feeling more like a strong contraction that just a period cramp. I am 26 and have one child. My Dr has told me that naturally I am very small and tight (I tore when I gave birth to my son) so that was a contributing factor in the pain. I look at it like getting a tattoo or piercing; 10 minutes (not even) worth of pain for 3 years of knowing you are safe. It was worth it to me.
I 've been taking Tri-Sprintec for 3 years and I don 't have any complaints. I can predict when my period is going to come almost up to the hour so it 's very nice knowing exactly when I 'm going to start. Also, my periods are much shorter (4-5 days) and lighter (I only need a regular absorbency tampon on my heaviest day). I virtually have no cramps and slight breast tenderness each month. Most importantly I 've never gotten pregnant and I 've been sexually active the whole time I 've been taking this pill. 
Nothing else worked except this 2mg dose without side effects.It wore off after 6 hours. Given  post surgery use, but could have helped longer since everything else caused migraines.
I am 19 years old, turning 20 next month, and i have panic disorder for a long time. Im gay and my life was not easy at all, my dad doesnt support me and then i got also depression. I take this medication for about 2 years now and i can tell you: it works so good and it saved my life. I was afraid of going out in public, working, etc. My life was terrible with all my anxiety attacks and that was destroying my life. If you feel the same, talk to your doc and ask for xanax, but DO NOT TAKE without prescription. IT IS a drug and you must control it!!!!
Combipatch took away flashes within 2 weeks, nausea and headaches. I don 't like to take any medicines at all, but the symptoms of menopause were affecting my life. I am on the lightest dose.
I 've been a cold sore sufferer for years. Growing up, I used to get outbreaks at least ten times a year, unfortunately, Valtrex wasn 't around. About a year and a half ago, I got a terrible cold sore, while really sick, and it was my most painful and depressing one I 've ever gotten. I went to the doctors and he then prescribed me Valtrex. I filled it right away. Even though my sore was full blown, ugly, and visible, he directed me to take 2g and then another 12 hours later another 2 grams. So I did exactly what he said. I woke up the next morning and what a difference. A sore I would of had for two weeks, was already completely scabbed overnight. Two weeks turned to six days, if that.
After living on doxcycline for 2 years,finally found winning combo for MY perimenopausal hormone/stress induced SEVERE CYSTIC acne! Everytime I got off doxycycline, face worsened within 2 months (scarred and inflammed) than when I started. Would take 3 months of being back on the antibiotic, along with the retin A/hyperpigmentation combo cream that my derm helped develop before scarring became less noticeable. Doxycycline worked well (compared to clindamycin/minocycline/ OTC/proactive system and all salicylic acid, etc.); but, didn 't want to live on antibiotics. 3 months changed to Bactrim &amp; Aczone.  Within 2 months, as if I never had acne at all.  No scars. Aczone &amp; MD 's cream only for last month. No CYSTS or pimples. CLEAR SKIN!!
Good.
I am 16 years old and have been sweating like crazy since I started middle school. I always had to wear jackets and loose fitting shirts to hide my sweat stains. I was embarrassed to tell my mom, but I had enough. I talked to my mom about it and she told me that I should mention it to my doctor on the next visit. Which was luckily the next day. My doctor gave me Hypercare. I am on day 4 and it has helped a lot. The little &quot;dab-o-meter&quot; that came with it doesn 't work so I have to dab my finger in it and apply it to my underarms. The first day it burned a little and stung but nothing too much. But on the 3rd day It was hard to fall asleep it was so itchy I couldn 't take it, but I managed. Hypercare so far has done wonders for me.
I have a depressive disorder called disthymia, post traumatic stress disorder and have been struggling with sleep/insomnia for a while.I was on zopiclone and tamazepam often put could only take them 3 days at a time with a break as to not become addicted to them etc.After a few months of this my doctor gave me Amitriptyline and it also boosts my anti depressant. I have a couple of pills at about 8 or so and its been great.I fall asleep at the right times - start yawning around 11pm, jump into bed and get to sleep. I wake up about 7 or 8 and im able to get up.It has also been great for my moods. I love it
Being 60 years old and still having acne, I 've been able to try lots of OTC and prescription medicines for bad skin, from antibiotics to Retin-A to a tons of other products.   Aczone is the only thing that has actually worked.  I 've. been using it for over a year now and love it.  The product never made my skin worse like many products I have tried. It got better right away and has been clear now since I started using it.
I am truly amazed by how well this works for my anxiety. I have PTSD, nightmares and waking up from them would ruin my day I would have flashbacks but ever since I started this new medication  I feel normal which is something I am not used to it is definitely exciting to know that I don 't feel anxious to the point of feeling like I can 't breathe I feel normal and that is amazing.. I don 't even feel that I need my Xanax.  Which is a huge  relief and I am so happy that I finally found a medication that can help with my High anxiety  and PTSD without having to take so many benzo 's
My whole life has been a process of up and down, excellency and total failure, elation and depression. Finally, since starting lamictal, I have become &quot;normal.&quot; I don 't lose my mind when bad things happen or get so excited when good things happen that I forget to tend to other tasks. Sure, I get sad. But it 's normal sad, it 's human-- not this overwhelming and crippling process. Same thing with happiness, things make me happy, but not irrationally overjoyed. As a college student, I 've decided to commit myself to pre med in the hope of one day becoming a psychiatrist. I want to give other people the same new lease on life I was given. (Mind you, talk therapy is also crucial in personal development.)
I 've been on Adipex for 3 days now. It has totally suppressed my appetite. I eat a small breakfast most of the time in the morning. Then at lunch and dinner I have to force myself to eat. I eat fruit and drink lots of water. I also exercise with my husband so I am determined to be fine this summer. If Adipex hasn 't worked for you then you are doing something wrong.
I take 3 x 37.5 pills (112.5) a day. These pills work very well for me.  I don 't experience anxiety and feel on a very even keel. They do not make me sleepy. I do not plan to give them up.
At first it wasn 't working, but the closer I got to finishing the pills it was clearing up.  I made sure I ate before I took the pill to avoid getting sick. It made me extremely sleepy though.
I never used Alli before but remembered seeing a coworker of mine use it and she was slim. This product works wonders. It traps all the fat and the releases it straight out of the body. It really helps with my gallstones so that my gallbladder doesn 't cause any pain. I have lost 7lbs the first two weeks. I am hoping to start seeing more weight come off as I continue using this product.
When eating I got anxious and felt compulsive urge of fullness relieved only by belching repeatedly and this medicine took all the symptoms away.  It has been good for my anxiety.  
I love gapapentin!  I take 600 - 1200 mg a day and I am happy again. I was on other medicines plus Celexa for depression but still had horrible anxiety and crazy mood swings.  I now take my gapapentin and 100 mg of Seroquel and I have no anxiety and I feel better overall. I am not really sleepy either.
I was diagnosed with Generalized Anxiety Disorder, severe depression and OCD when I was around 18 years old. I couldn 't do anything and shut down. I went to a mental hospital to take classes on how to cope and I began trying different types of SSRI 's. I tried two others and I felt horrible on them both then I tried Zoloft. My mom made me stick with it even though I was skeptical. I started with 25, 50, then to 75 ml. Nothing helped. As soon as I went up to 100 ml is when I felt my life coming back. I could feel emotions of happiness, and felt like life had finally had a meaning to it. I was able to be okay again and felt like this medicine saved my life. The thing that is hardest is all the people judging saying &quot;you 're on so many Meds&quot;
Works really well.
I 've suffered day upon day with extreme anxiety and panic attacks. I have tried all sorts of medications but they just made me feel like a zombie and couldn 't function. My GP prescribed me 2mg diazepam and I have to say this stuff has been amazing. My anxiety has reduced but when I 'm in having a bad day they are brilliant as a quick release.No side affects at all just a sense of calm :)
I take Ambien every now and again when I know I need to get a good nights sleep, no side effects and feel refreshed in the morining. Although, one night my wife woke me up about an hour on so after taking it to go to the kitchen with her, don 't remember any of it.
I just got the Mirena yesterday. I was legitimately having anxiety because of all of the horror stories of insertion. I 'm 23 and have never had a child. The procedure was uncomfortable but felt no worse than a bad cramp. I 've been cramping on and off since insertion, and honestly some of those cramps were worse than the actual insertion! Overall, so far, it has been great!
I have not been able to stop drinking for more then three days at most in the last three years, but since taking Campral two months ago I have not had a drop.
I 've taken this medicine 3 yrs before, completed the course and I was free of acne as well. But again I 'm suffering now!!!  What can  I do now?? 
I have chronic insomnia from fibromyalgia and severe back pain. I 've been taking the generic Zolpidem XR for years and it always seemed to work. For some reason, it stopped working for me about 3 months ago. I never had any side effect. No memory loss, sleepwalking or anything else and though always q restless sleeper causing me to wake every time I turn over, from the pain, I could always fall right back asleep and wake refreshed. Not sure what to take now since its lost its efficacy, but while it worked, it was fabulous. Trying Temazepam but it 's like taking a placebo. No effect at all.
Was relieved
I 'm 19 with 2 kids I decided to get the Mirena because I didn 't want anymore children. Insertion was just a little pinch and cramping for a whole day. Here I am now 6 months later and very much satisfied. After insertion I had my period for 3 weeks straight. Now I spot every now and then but not very much. I 'm happy with my decision to get the Mirena and once the 5 years are up I do want another one!
Within an hour the pain went from a ten to a four, and that was just one pill. You do get very tired, but it is worth it to rid oneself of a pain that gout brings-- the worst imaginable.
I am taking Loestin 24 for 14 days now. I feel really good and have more energy. Last month my period lasted a month. It was awful so my doctor prescribed the pill to control the bleeding. Haven 't gained weight. Boobs slightly bigger (good thing for me). So far I have no complaints. Lets see what happens when my period is due next month. I will report more. I 've always had long periods lasting 10-12 days so it would be a blessing if the pill can take it down by a few days at least.
Had kidney transplant almost 3 years ago, seems to be working great for me.
I 've been on this for a week (which I know isn 't a long time but hear me out lol). I have not really experienced negative side effects at all. I waited to start it on the first day of my period to ensure that I wasn 't pregnant and my period went on and cleared up as normal and expected. MAYBE just a tiny bit of bloating at times. I went on the mini pill because my body can not process estrogen at all. Immediately, I get horrible mood dives, I get painful cramps in my legs and arms from the high cortisol estrogen was causing me. In fact, on this pill my mood seems to have taken a turn for the better, I have more energy to do things and feel more mentally stable! Don 't be scared off by reviews or discouraged from finding, everyone 's different
I love this, it gave me so much improvement with my life and can now get around and go places.
This medicine works like a dream. No side effect what so ever. I was taking augmentin and I hated it. I asked for macrobid instead. 2 days and I was feeling a whole lot better.
I 've detoxed with librium (now) 5 times. Currently into my 3rd day with librium. The first couple times I detoxed with the stuff it was amazing. Just three 25MG pills a day to ward off withdrawals from 3 pints of vodka a day 3 month long benders. But I will warn you of this.....you build a tolerance to librium. This time I needed more 25MG pills in just the first 24 hrs. Then 4 on day two and now I 'm down to 3 (will wean off over the next few days). Stuff is still amazing but don 't be an idiot like me and bounce between booze (to the point of almost death) and then benzo 's; just to drink booze again.
Works for me.  I do have vivid dreams nothing scary some wonderful but does make me sick.  Should be prescribed with weight management medication I hope I am not replacing 1 vice for another.
For several years my BPH had me urinating several times a night, like every hour; not good for mental or physical health. After much complaining to my urologist, I finally got a resident that put me on Uroxatral and Detrol. I now get 6 hours of uninterrupted sleep, twilight morning enjoyment of the morning chorus, and a much improved outlook. Spring helps, too.
I have had migraines for 40 years and Botox injections have worked well for the past 2 years but since October ( it is now January) they are starting to come back with a vengeance. I was having them every day over the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays and my doctor put me on a Prednisone pack for 5 days and I felt great but as soon as I quit taking it, the headaches came back. They were mild and then 3 days later I felt pretty good but got an aura, so I knew a bad one was coming. Sure enough, a bad one woke me up and it was one of the worst ones I have had in years. I called my doctor and they suggested I come in for a Toradal shot. I got the shot and in 10 minutes, sweet relief!! My arm hurt like hell for a while but who cares!
Works for Osteoarthritis and sciatica.
I have had two operations one on my lumbar and one on my cervicalspine and have been on a lot of other pain meds and by far thisbest meds I have been on.This is way better than oxycontin and other meds.oh what relief I feel alot better.
I 've been taking Adderall XR 25mg going on my 4 month. It has helped me tremendously! I 'm more focused and alert now. I don 't feel as drawn out like I used too. I 'm also on anxiety medicine taking both helps balance myself.  I have a hard time wanting to eat since I 've started taking Adderall, a lot of times I have to force myself to eat, but it has helped me lose 25 pounds!!! I find myself grinding my teeth a lot not sure why, but that 's the worse side effect I experience from taking it. I feel more healthy now than I have in a long time, I will continue taking this medication.
Best weight loss medicine ever! 29 pounds in 4 months and 6 pounds more to reach my goal weight.  No food cravings and I have cut sugar out of my diet which for me is the key. 5 '4 woman currently at 145 pounds.  Blue Cross Blue Shield covered this medication for me except for the $5.00 co-pay.  Best wishes to everyone!
I used to get extremely heavy periods and very severe cramps, and I was looking for a birth control pill that would help with it. My OB/GYN prescribed me Orsythia, and I was a little worried about side affects from what I 've read online from others. But, I had none! No weight gain, mood swings, acne, or nausea! Nothing at all! My problems with cramps and heavy periods went away within three months, and there was a definite improvement right when I started taking it. No more cramps or acne, and my periods are now super light! I can 't speak for everyone, since hormone pills will affect everyone differently, but this pill was a perfect match for me! I 'd highly recommend it for birth control and managing difficult periods.
Was on this tablet for 11 years and it changed my life. Foolishly reduced the dose 6 months ago to prepare to come off them and have relapsed. Back on them 10 days now and waiting for them to kick in. Wish I 'd stayed on them now - they literally saved my life.
I don 't understand why people quit after 3 days starting it. It made them too anxious or depressed - isn 't this why you are taking it? It doesn 't work overnight. I too am very impatient and would prefer a quick fix. But the first 2 weeks are rough but if your persevere the benefits outweigh the startup. I 'm into my 3rd week and it 's working really well it is like a lightbulb moment.  I gave a 9 because for the life of me I cannot orgasm but I 'll take that over the suicidal thoughts and feeling lifeless anyday... remember give it time your brain needs to adjust... stay strong x
Have been on this for four weeks.  First two weeks 1 gram daily then twice per week.  Just a few days after starting breasts felt full and tender like I was breastfeeding, gained up to 4 lbs.  Did the trick for relations with husband.I 'll be deciding if it 's worth it ( physical effects and possible cancer of uterus) when I go back for a follow up visit this week.
I have struggled with depression almost all my life and have been on Zoloft for more than 20 years.I recently told my doctor that in addition to being overwhelmed with devastating family health issues, I had been becoming more and more fearful of losing my career because I couldn 't seem to remember even the simplest of tasks.  I was literally losing my mind!!!!He prescribed DEPLIN.  I 've been on it for roughly four months.SUCCESS!!  My memory and mind is as sharp as it 's ever been.  Thank God for DEPLIN.  Additionally, my overall mood has improved and I have a calm outlook on life and now take everything in stride.  It 's been years since I 've been able to just &quot;go with the flow&quot;.I FEEL LIKE A NEW PERSON.  THANK YOU, DEPLIN!!
Tamiflu is a miracle drug - as long as you get it early enough. I 've used it twice now in 12 years and within 24 hours I was almost good as new.  I can 't say enough good things about it.
I am 31 years old and have been diagnosed with clinical depression, anxiety and have been severely anorexic on and off. I have been at a healthy body weight for many years. Over the course of 10 years I have taken various anti-depressants for my depression but they work for a certain period and then stop working.  I have just started taking Prozac and am on my second week.  I noticed instantly the first day, I felt warmer and more intuned to my body. I can think clearer and don 't feel so irritable.  I have terrible neck pain that I have recently developed over the course of the week, so I hope it goes away over the next few weeks.  Otherwise I am quite excited to finally be taking a medicine that can help me, as well as so many others.
This was life changing to me. I have only had Psoriasis for 2 years but it took over my entire body and life. Without this medicine I would have had to stop working and probably would have hidden from the entire world.  Thank you Enbrel.
I have been on Copaxone for a month now and each day gets easier. At first the itchiness and red welt was not nice but now, after adjusting my injection depth and warming the area beforehand, I have very little problems with it. I inject first thing in the morning and then just get on with my day - seems like no big deal to me.
Pain would cease within 15 minutes.
If you are anyone that loves to hit the gym hard like I do, you gotta know what muscle pain feels like. No one can really tell or know when you have went too far because you are suppose to hurt and be in pain. If you are in pain, it means that your body muscles are stretching and you are making room for more muscles to fit. Many people don 't understand that when you go home then that 's when the adrenaline wears off and you start to think &quot;I went a little too far that time&quot;.   Since most of what I do is shoulder press, I have to say that this back patch for pain has saved me from several night where I wouldn 't have been able to sleep. Absorbine Jr pain patches for back work quickly, absorb fast, and give me pain relief fast no matter what.
I am a 9-12 teacher.  I have suffered from profuse underarm sweating for over ten years and have tried EVERYTHING! Then, last week I was at the doctors and I decided to mention my sweating problem. He prescribed Hypercare and told me that it works. He is right. First day at school without sweating. It is amazing!
Sunday I had unprotected sex, wasn 't sure if the guy finished in me. Yes, this sounds irresponsible but I 'm human. We all make mistakes. Anyways I took the pill after the following Monday. (24 hrs) I was scared to take the pill. Side affects were laziness &amp; hungry every min. I had bought pregnancy tests bc I was starting to think I was preggo since I would get hungry a lot. Never in my life was I so scared. This morning I felt bloated, I went to the restroom and turns out I got my period. I couldn 't be more happier. Ladies, don 't doubt yourself or overthink. Mistakes happen. Lesson learned and always have a condom!!  #ThankyouAftera!!
TOOK 8 weeks for 20mg to finally work. I had every side effect there was and was about to give up. Heightened Anxiety, Insomnia, nervous and anxious. Dry mouth, tremors in my hands. I was so ready to just check myself in a mental ward. But I hung in there and right at week 8. BOOM all of it gone.  Feeling great
My son had strep throat and scarlett fever and in 24 hours just like his doctor said he was so much better.
I have been using Nuvaring for almost 6 years now (I had a 1 year break in between). It was recommend to me by my Doctor because my period was very painful and irregular. I couldn 't get out of bed on the first days and I had it once every 3 months or more sometimes. Since I use Nuvaring I feel more in control and I haven 't had any side effects. Works beautifully and sometimes I forget that I have it inside. I totally recommend it.
Controls pain very well.  Great for baseline around the clock coverage with short acting medication for break through pain.  DO NOT ABUSE THIS MEDICATION! 
Within 20 hrs (2 doses) I was feeling better. My lungs still hurt when I would cough but they didn 't hurt when I would take a shallow breath. I did get a pretty bad headache that was controlled with APAP.  Loose stools developed after day 3. I increased fluids and fiber (ice cold smoothy worked great to fulfill these). Day 6 I was back to normal except the loose stool. No other complaints. I was also on pearls and codiene during this time. Side effects well worth benefit after how bad I was hurting.
I have MDD (12yrs), chronic pain (17yrs), anxiety &amp; social/agoraphobias. For the last 3 years, I barely left the house &amp; rarely left my bed. Things grew extremely dark this past year...I cared for nothing except my dog without whom I wouldn 't be here now. The psychiatrists &amp; antidepressants I tried for years either failed miserably or made things worse. I managed to see a new psychiatrist who put me on a combo of Fetzima &amp; Rexulti. This combo made a HUGE difference for me. It feels like someone turned on the lights &amp; I can finally see some kind of future. It 's still hard, but not impossible.Don 't let the bad reviews scare you off! If you 've been struggling, try it. It might help you. Just be watchful of the possible side effects.
Can 't sleep like a normal person due to a circadian rhythm disorder - without this med I would get one or two hours of broken up sleep a night, total. I would probably be institutionalized or dead if it weren 't for this medication. It used to make me feel groggy in the morning but I think I got used to it. I also drink strong black tea and take Adderall, which counter the side-effects almost completely. I 'm not 100% functional still, because it does knock me out and leaves me slightly hungover, but it 's a small price to pay to sleep mostly like a normal person where I was not sleeping at all. On a good night I get 7-8 hours and wake up once, sometimes not at all. Cutting out coffee has helped tremendously too.
This is my 2nd time on seroquel and now that I actually know two shits about mental disorder, I really do like seroquel. I 've always had a terrible time falling and staying asleep which it helps with greatly, and my ridiculous bipolar tendencies it puts to rest. I recommend seroquel if it works for you. I 've never had a single negative side effect from it but some people do. Every brain is different :)
I have been taking Xanax XR for about 8 years.  Prior to that, I took Xanax every 4 hours.  My tinnitus is so loud it cannot be tested, and after a lifetime of living with tinnitus, I sought help. Xanax XR is better than Xanax for me because you take it once a day and it continually releases, preventing ups and downs and the autonomic functions check which increases T after sleep.  Panic attacks are gone from residual nervousness tinnitus causes.  Definitely my quality of life is better, although Xanax XR is not a cure.
I finished my period on December 24 then I had unprotected sex with my boyfriend on December 25 around 5am. He swore he didn 't ejaculate inside, but I being worried about pre cum, took plan b around 1pm, 7-8 hours later. On December 30, I was bleeding heavily, as if on my period for about 5 days, but the blood was a brownish type of color. I was really paranoid, checking and reading every review there was on this pill. I did have nausea &amp; dizziness symptoms. I got really afraid because my period was due on December 19, but it never arrived. It is now February 4, &amp; I 've never been happier in seeing blood! I was 19 days late! Relax, let the pill do its job
Took away 95% of my pain
This medicine helps my back pain a lot. Now I can actually play outside with my daughter with no back pain.
I had my right kidney removed December 2014 they thought all cancer was gone but few months later they found cancer in my lymph nodes. I started on Votrient July 2015 at 800 mg but had Doctor reduce amount because of stomachs issues. I 'm still nauseated daily and throw up almost every day. My hands are bright red my hair is white I have sores on certain parts of my body that act like blisters then go away after a few weeks. All in all the cancer is shrinking and I have another cat scan this month.
I 've been on Loestrin (and the other generic brands like Junel) for about a year and a half and I 'm satisfied with it. I haven 't tried any other birth control prior to Loestrin, so maybe that 's why it 's hard for me to give a comparative judgment. I can say that in terms of excessive weight gain, acne, or mood swings, Loestrin didn 't cause me to experience any of these, contrary to some of the posts that I 've read on here. Also, I take my pill every morning on an empty stomach and don 't experience any nausea or anything like that. It has also regulated my hormones so my PMS is not as extreme as it used to be before taking the pill. Only con is that I have experienced occasional break through spotting before my cycle some months.
My dermatologist provided me with several sample tubes of Lidex to treat a mysterious rash, which he thought was a fungal infection, that recurred in the same spot on my skin several times.It worked like a charm, and since then, I have used it sparingly whenever I get a stubborn jock itch that won 't go away with anything else.My doctor warned me it can thin the skin, so I use it as little as possible but the good news is a single thin application is usually sufficient to knock out whatever is troubling my skin and soothes the itching in such a way that it doesn 't come back again for months and months. I think it 's a very, very good medication for stubborn itching, when other remedies aren 't helping.
My MD put me on Cozaar for my hypertension and rapid pulse. I also take Verapamil. I have a condition called Marfan 's Syndrome and Doctor hopes this medicine will help prevent any further dilation of my aorta. I had to go off the hydrochlorothiazide and now have a lot of edema in my legs to above my knees so started on Lasix today also. But it 's worth using in order to protect my blood vessels.
Excellent antibiotic for bronchitis! I haven 't been sick in over 1 year since full time retirement as a nurse manager; Spring hit early in Rhode Island, with its fluctuating temperatures &amp; abounding viruses/bacteria and wham! Sickness W a nagging cough and productive sputum came with it. Augmentin for 7&quot;days was prescribed by the NP. On day 4, and feeling much better
Instant relief right away!! My lower back had been bothering me for a while and I couldn 't find any relief nor had a prescription to aid in relief. Tried this from over the counter , I 'm impressed!!! Affordable too!
Works well, very tired after course of clarithyromycin
This is going to be kind of long and full of detail. I 've been using Haldol for about 3 years now. It basically started when hearing voices got really bad. The combination of Geodon and Abilify DID NOT work. I admitted myself inpatient and got my Haldol. I started on 10mg. It took all the nasty symptoms away. And still does to this day. This is a one amazing medicine. I 'm at the point with it now, that I can barely take 2.5 mg, (5mg cut in half) without feeling drugged up though. My body became very sensitive from it. You may gain some weight on this medicine. It does give you the munchies. However, I did weight watchers on this medicine and was able to take off some weight. Again, this medicine is down right amazing.
Been smoking for 45 years !! About a half pack or sometimes more a day. Started bupropion to quit. Had to take it about 3 weeks before it kicked in but almost overnight one day I had no desire to smoke. It felt like a miracle. No bad side effects. I have been smoke free for a month now and my husband still smokes so I am around it all the time. Still have no desire. Maybe not for everyone but certainly worth a try.And much cheaper than Chantix.
Upon diagnosis, my Doctor ordered a genotype testing to see if I have a certain gene type called HLA-B*5701. While waiting for the result, I researched online to compare Triumeq and Genvoya. My Doctor doesn 't feel comfortable with Cobicistat as he worries about drug interactions. I, on the other hand, dislike the potential &quot;gastrointestinal adverse reaction, lactic acid poisoning/acidosis, liver damage and cardiovascular damage&quot; associated with Abacavir, which were denounced by my Doctor as &quot;nonsense&quot;. Furthermore, I have trouble sleeping and am yet to fully quit (now so determined to quit more than ever) smoking, I insisted on taking Genvoya and presented to my Doctor with 10 reasons. He didn 't object in the end.
I have had elevated blood pressure for a number of years.  I was on Avapro 300mg the past few years and it was working okay but I began to have episodes of 150/100 and sometimes higher with occasional headaches. It seems after a while my tolerance for any BP medication builds and they start to become less effective.My doctor recently gave me a trial of Azor 40/5 to get my numbers under better control and within a week I am running around a consistent 120/80 with no noticeable side-effects.  I also have begun to notice better sleep and easier concentration at work as some others noted.  I am hoping the success continues with medication!
Yes. This is ouch again. I took the first one around midday and it took about five hours to kick in but when it did I have to say I 'll take back that rating of 1 and give a 9 because its working so well. I forgot I even have my period. Only thing is it has kind of burned my stomach and made the pain doubly worse before stopping it completely.
I have been on belviq for exactly 2 months now.  I am a 43 year old male, but was starting to feel like I was 75+ years old.  In 2 months, I lost 42 lbs, and am averaging about 1.5 lbs every 2 days.  I was 329 lbs at the start and already can feel the difference.  Along with belviq, I changed my eating habits, and although I have not started exercise yet, (gotta drop some more before I start that) I feel like a new person.  I can do things like go up a flight of stairs without losing breath. Something I couldn 't do before.  I read a lot of people having different success or no success with this drug, but I thank my doctor for allowing me to try this, and not do the bypass surgery he had originally wanted to do. Good luck to everyone.
As a teenager, sweating is a huge problem for me wherever and whenever. I have tried the anti-perisperant deodorant in stores but none have worked for me until my doctor prescribed me this. After applying it stings and itches a bit but it is so bearable and worth it.  No sweat at all the next day and at school I didn 't have to hide the wetness under a sweatshirt. Would totally reccomend
I have had no problem with this medicine. It is much easier to use this medicine than the other medicine I was using.
Started taking propanol 80mg one daily, three weeks ago for migraine prevention.  Zero outbreaks during that time.  Have suffered twice weekly migraines for forty years so this is a great breakthrough.  They do affect sleep and reduce energy levels during day (I am a manual worker) but low energy is better than a tiresome, distracting migraine.
I was having recurring urinary tract infections and my doctor suggested me taking this medication which I loved and they really helped as I did not get any infections at all for the length of time I was on them. After 4 months my insurance is now refusing to pay for them any longer and I am afraid my infections will start up again.
Lortab I have found to be the only Pain Medication that get 's along with the medication that I 'm taking. The side effects a mild compared to the cronic pain that I have 24/7 in order to walk if it wasn 't for Lortab I would be bed ridden.
Wow !!! If you are taking this med. take and lay down and close your eyes. You will say and do things and not remember a thing. For real ...
Seroquel gave me my life back, calms me down and helps me think clearly during the day, and helps me sleep well during the night. Makes your mouth a bit dry and makes you hungry often but definitely worth it.
I 've tried every drug going for anxiety and panic attacks. I will stutter , start shaking I can 't think straight and if I 'm in a room with someone I just need to get out, it 's like being total paranoid.Then I got prescribed diazepam 5mg and wow a drug that 's finally worked.I only use it if I 'm going into a place where I 'm going to have an attack , like a managers office etc , or if I can 't sleep as tiredness triggers my anxiety.If I could take it everyday I would but as it 's so addictive I only take 2 or 3 times a week.I just need to not go over the limit .This is a wonder drug but don 't take it daily
I have been on Opana ER for approximately 4 years. I have multiple conditions with the bones in my spine and both psoriatic and rheumatoid arthritis. Opana does not seem to help much with general arthritis pain and not at all the psoriatic arthritis, but it has been the most helpful medication for my back pain. unfortunately on Medicare I reached gap and at that time medication becomes way too expensive. I cannot endure this cost while I am on Medicare and now I have to switch medications. I go from paying $40 a month to $250. On Medicare you cannot use the discount cards for the program that Opana has. I am feeling very upset about this as the medication has been the most helpful to me without side effects. 
I pee now
Works quite well for me. No major side effects. 
I take 0.1mg transdermal patch. I found the patch was/is much more effective than oral route (side effects less noticeable - dry mouth, in ability to focus well).  I prepped my skin for the patch by showering, then cleaning site with alcohol.  Once dry, I applied the patch.  There is a temporary (1 wk) &quot;lightening of color&quot; at the site when the patch is removed.  I 've found that leaving the old patch on for 24 hours, after placing the new one, seems to give better medicinal coverage.  ALL hot flashes GONE!
When my migraine gets out of control this is the only medicine that kills it. The down side is that I have to go to the ER to get it and sometimes they give you a hard time as they think you are an addict.
For the past two years I 've used Femara with no side effects at all, and still cancer free for 5 years now.
I 've been on Cozaar for a number of years after doing a study for hypertension.  It works great for me!  My blood pressure is consistently 115/70 everyday.  I have not experienced side effects from it.  My dosage is 50 mg/day.
My boyfriend and I used the pull out method but I was still super nervous because I knew I was ovulating. I know the pull out method is not always 100% effective so 2 hours after we had sex I went and bought plan b. I got my period 2 weeks later!! Very effective as a backup plan! (Also I am 165 pounds exactly so I dont think the whole weight limit thing or BMI thing has anything to do with the effectiveness of the pill)
I suffere from asthma and would frequently come down with bronchitis.  This Zithromax is a lifesaver.  I love how it helps me get over it quickly and I am on my feet again within the week.  Best prescription ever.
I love this medicine!!! I 've had cold sores since i was a kid and none of the over the counter stuff ever worked for me. I take it as soon as i feel that tingle and it 's usually gone in 2 days. I recently had a bad illness and broke out with 5 blisters after a night of 103 fever. I took two pills in the morning and at night and all but one blister is gone! I would have been so miserable if i didn 't have this miracle to take!
I 've had an annoying and embarrassing hay fever related symptom for about 10 years. First red eyes and  itchy tear ducts which progressed to eyelid twitching. At first my eyelids twitched whenever I sneezed, but then it would happen randomly and increased in frequency. It became so bad I would avoid meetings at the office. I tried the common hayfever medication and some helped off and on but I could never get the darn twitching to stop. A few months ago I saw my doctor for an unrelated issue and he prescribed Nasonex. My hay fever, itchy eyes and eyelid twitching DISAPPEARED within a few days. I feel like a new person now!!!
It works better than any narcotic for my neck/back pain, without the side effects of narcotics, such as nausea and tiredness.
I have used it without scares for 17 years.  I have found my libido seriously lowered. No periods once I got past the initial 2 or 3 jabs. Worth persisting. May have some bleeding if you are late for a shot. For the first few shots bleeding can be heavy and irregular but this seems to usually settle after about 3 shots and I had no periods after that time, unless I was getting late my shot late.
I LOVE Hypercare! I used all different kinds of deodorant to think of and NOTHING worked until one day I finally brought it up to my Dr. and had me try this and since have been SOLD! Even though my Health insurance covers it and co-pay is only $5 and Hypercare lasts 6 months for me and it 's a tiny little bottle too!  Like everyone else says the first it 's applied it stings and you WILL have to scratch, you get used it and that 's totally tolerable for not sweating at all.
So I barely got the IUD today. And it was the best decision ever. I read a whole bunch of other experiences so I freaked myself out, and went on youtube and just freaked myself even more. Honestly, the process of the insertion was not painful at all. My whole body was shaking because I was so nervous but it did not hurt. After I went home I started cramping a little. I got the IUD inserted at 1pm and Its almost 8pm and the cramps are a little painful but its nothing I cant handle. I would highly recommend this to any other girl who wants to get one. I am 22 years old and I had my daughter at 18, so I do not want children for a while because i am trying to focus on college and getting my degree so this was a perfect choice for me.
I 've been on Lunesta now for approximately 8 years. I take the 3 mg does at this point and usually take it every other night. The few nights that I can 't fall asleep within 30 minutes or so, I 'll take 1 pill and normally I can fall asleep within the next half hour for about 6 hours. When I do fall asleep at bedtime without taking a Lunesta,  I 'll usually wake up at 2 or 3 and can 't fall back to sleep. Taking a Lunesta at that point will give me the additional 3-5 hours more of sleep.  After taking it for so many years, I don 't even notice any metallic taste . I usually do not wake up feeling groggy or tired.  Works great even though I 'm concerned about long term unknown health issues. Don 't want to grow two heads..
I have bipolar disorder and have been on Geodon and Lamictal since 2006.  Geodon was prescribed to me help me with anger issues.  I have mellowed out considerably. I have taken dosages ranging from 40-80mg.  I was told the 80mg made me very lethargic. 60mg worked with no problems. I am currently on 40 mg and it is working great.
The best weight loss medication I have ever used! I have lost 20 lbs in 2.5 months! A record for me! Side effects are minimal. I am not hungry most of the time, which gives me great control over what I eat. I count my calories each day to the best of my abilities. I used My Fitness Pal website to calculate how many calories I should eat a day to lose the weight for a specific period of time which was key to my success.
I started on 5mg twice a day for the first month and now am on 10mg twice a day for 2-3 weeks now.  It made me really dizzy after taking it and it still does but I just make sure to take it when I 'm sitting down for awhile. I did not really think it was working at all because I was getting anxious constantly still.  However this last week I have had zero anxiety.  In fact I feel so weird not worrying all the time. But I am happy because it 's actually working.  I am glad I stuck it out. I recommend staying on it for 6-8 weeks before deciding it does not work. Yes there are some side effects but nothing like SSRIs that I had taken in past.
I am 51 and suffered with migraines since about age 20; didn 't get Imitrex until my early 30 's.  It has saved my life, without it I was worthless for a day. Fortunately I can cut 100mg into 3 and it works for me.  I would lay down for 20 minutes and headache gone. Recently I have had to use the generic and didn 't think anything of it and have found I need to take a 100mg and now I get side effects I didn 't before.  Just the weird feelings from vasodilatation in my chest and sometimes my legs.  Sometimes the 100mg doesn 't take it completely away. I am a nurse and will look for another alternative because I would have to pay $600 for 3 boxes out of pocket if I want the brand.
very easy to take
I have Fibrolmyalgia, degenerative disc disease in my lumbar region and neck, my tailbone is broken in two places and has been for over two years, sciatica on both sides, degenerative disease in both hips, and chondromylacia in my knees.  I finally got to go to a pain management specialist this last year.  Oxycodone was horrible - worked minimally for an hour or two and then nothing.  Lortab was okay, but nowhere near strong enough.  Demerol wasn 't strong enough, and caused me to have seizures.  Butrans made me suicidal and had such horrible withdrawal symptoms.  If you ever hear that name coming from your doctor, run. Then, we tried Fentanyl 62 mcgs and I 'm finally getting somewhere.  Needs to go up, but NO side effects except sweating.
Lifesaver drug!!!
I take 25mg at bedtime for interstitial cystitis and it works great for me. It does take some time to get used to  and it makes you tired but after a month or so I had no complaints.
I have been having a hell of a time finding the right b.c!! Major mood swings cramps nonstop bleeding no sex drive, but so far i like aviane im on my second month, i am no longer bleeding(first pack i did for awhile but my body had to adjust ) no moodswings normal sex drive,breasts a bit tender and larger (not mad about that) appetite a bit bigger but for me thats good I need the gain weight
Only been on it one week, but it is starting to work! No nausea like I had with Asacol 400 mg.
Everyday I 'm embarrassed because I have severe body acne. I get acne on my arms, shoulders and back - its not attractive on a female. I have struggled with this problem since I was a child. I 've spent lots of money on products that would work temporarily and then reverse effect and make my breakouts worse. I have been using this cream for almost 3 weeks, and already everything is clearing up fast. I am extremely happy with this product that i would recommend it to ANYONE!!!!! I can finally have higher self esteem and not be the mom in a t-shirt going swimming. LOVE IT!!!!! 10 's all the way across the board
I 've been using Androgel (2 pumps per day) for about 3 weeks now.  My energy level and sex drive is a lot better.  In a better mood also.  I haven 't had any side effects yet nor have I gotten any blood work done either.  I am 46 with total testosterone level at the low 300 level.  Dr. thought this would help.  So far so good... I 'm very lucky to have insurance coverage and my copay is $40 month
I hate experiencing Bacterial Vaginosis ! The smell is horrible and makes u feel very uncomfortable around ppl. The discharge is disgusting like thick cottage cheese. 
I got kyleena inserted about 3 days ago. Insertion was a little uncomfortable which I would rate a 6/10. I 've never had kids so that could factor in with the amount of pain I felt. It felt like a baby menstrual cramp which last for 10 seconds. I took the day off and stayed in bed all day because there was some uncomfortable cramping but felt perfectly fine the day after. I must be one of the lucky ones who didn 't start spotting right away and didn 't have cramping the day after. So far so good!
Been on Tecfidera for one week now, staring with a 120 mg dose in the evening. I take the drug after dinner. Before dinner (~15 min) I take 100 mg acetylsalicylic acid (aspirin). No important symptom yet. Just some lite flushing during the first three days (in the 7th day, no flushing, no gastro-intestinal problems). Indeed, after the very first dose, when I didn 't take the aspirin I experienced mild flushing doubled by &quot;sun burn&quot;-like sensation over the scalp, face and neck that gone after ~30 min. This first experience begun after ~5h from drug administration (delay caused most probably by the food intake).
I have had chronic SI L5 pain and sciatica for 6 years. The has been a wonder drug for me but I can only take it at night when I go to bed.  I lets me have a good nights sleep.  I cannot take it during the day it wears me down and I am very groggy.
I 'm going to make this short and simplePros: felt better within the month of taking itslowed my bulimia way down.CONS: had to up the dosage a month ago. So fare so good. I yawned the first 2 weeks straight all day long but its over now.ive been taking it for 2 months now and i love it! im 24 years old and have had my deppression and bulimia for 13 years and i have never felt this good.also im on 1mg of klonopin(clonazapam) at night. i like that too.hope this helps
For years I struggled with finding the right medication to help treat my bipolar disorder.  Olanzapine basically turned me into Sleeping Beauty. I take 200mg of Seroquel, three times a day.  Keeps me nice and level
Throughout my life I 've had acne and tried many different treatments. Some of them worked and some of them didn 't.  Spironolactone is one that definitely works. I was prescribed this medication in conjunction with doxycycline, clindamycin lotion and tretoin cream. My skin has cleared up so much, and I am so pleased. I have been taking all the medication for about 3 months and the spironolactone for the past 2 months. 50 mg every night. My dermatologist recently uped my dosage to 100mg every night because my skin still isn 't 100%. This drug works great! I would definetly recommend taking this medication for acne. I 'm so happy that my skin is clearing up and I do not have to be so self conscious over it. now to get rid of these darn scars !!!
I have to admit I purchased my saxenda and after reading the reviews on side affects I didn 't touch it for 2 weeks. So negative.  Eventually I had the courage to try it.  Well I will tell you I have been on saxenda now for 3 weeks. I have never even had any side affects at all.  I have lost the urge to eat so much, little is better.  I have this new energy and just feel so much better.  I 've lost 12 lbs and feel I 'm on my way.  After reading all the negative comments  then you read the drug info about the side effects which  happen to 1 out if 10.  I hope to be off meds in the near future.  Give it a try.   It works.  You will like yourself again
Campral has saved my life.  I was not able to stop drinking without it.  My female GP was very understanding and supportive and sought out the best treatment for me.  I am so very thankful.  I am - in a short period of time - a new person.  I have been alcohol dependent for over 20 years.  What I fail to understand is why more people are not lucky enough to have this medicine prescribed for them.  I have had no adverse side effects at all.  Although my prescription is covered by my insuring company, I would have gladly paid the price for the treatment.
The only medicine that worked for my back.
Great for insomnia and I can now sleep for 7-8 hours.  First week I took it, I had the grogginess for 1st hour after waking up, but that has gone away.  I only take it 2 -3 nights a weeks and it gives me all of the rest and sleep I need.  I am also a sleep apnea patient and sleep with a CPAP machine as often as I can.  This medicine helps me to keep cpap mask on all night.  I have COPD and mild depression also.  I do not think I would take it every night.  I am on 15 mg.
First dose was 5 mg, it made me so ill I fainted.  Second night, took 2.5 mg and it 's my ticket!  I 'm motivated, productive, can think and make decisions. I sleep 7-8 hours, wake up without pain and in the shower by 8am instead of waiting for 2pm for fibromyalgia pain to ease.  I take it with 30 mg of Cymbalta, I think they compliment one another.It 's been four weeks and I still feel like I 've got a new lease on life.  Hope it lasts.
I started Belviq on 10/8/15 on the night pill. I take two pills daily. My starting weight was 208.8 lbs today 10/14/15 I weigh in at 199.4. This medication is awesome. I have not changed my diet- I always ate pretty healthy, I have not started exercising yet. I am pretty active I work a part time retail job. When I 'm working on the floor I 'm running around, but when I 'm working in the office I 'm sitting. I own a photography business, and go to school full time. My side effects started out with dry mouth, slight headache, I watch my blood pressure because it drops a little and when I take my BP pills my BP ave is 106/68. I have tried everything and this pill does what I need it to. I have noticed some increase in energy. Love it so far!
This is the only birth control I 've been on and I 'm sticking to it because it works really great for me! The first three months or so I had no sex drive - but it passed so it wasn 't a permanent side effect. It 's been at least seven months now and I get hardly any cramps, whereas before I used to get them so bad that I 'd fall on the floor in pain. Hardly any period (lasts about three days and I can use liners for two days, regular sized pad for one day) whereas before I had a really awful, heavy seven-eight day period. I also have really clear skin now too. I 'll get maybe two tiny pimples in total nearing my period and that 's it. It 's fantastic. And of course, it 's also done it 's job as a birth control pill.
Im 25 years old and I have had a weight problem my entire life.  For the last 8 years I have lost and gained weight like crazy. My doctor put me on Tdiet 30mg on April 1, 2009 when I hit 292 pounds.  I am currently on the 37.5 mg Adipex tablet and I am down to 244 pounds.  I feel phenomenal.  After learning I had an under active thyroid about a year ago, I had really started to feel like crap everyday and the weight just kept packing on.  I feel 16 again and more self-confident.  The worst of the side effects were the dry mouth (chew sugar free gum to help), nausea at first (take an antacid), headaches at first, increased anxiety (totally worth it anyway, constipation, and I am easily agitated).  Good luck.
I love my cigarettes.  Have for almost 20 years (about a pack a day).  Chantix does exactly what it says it will do.  I doesn 't allow the nicotine to reach the receptors in your brain.  Within a day I saw a decrees want/need to smoke.  Day two I smoked less than 4 cigarettes, and none of them to completion.  By day three I had one in the morning due to habit alone.  I 'm on day four and haven 't had one yet.  I have drank more coffee but I haven 't ate more than I though I would.  Dreams have not been what I thought they would by reading some other posts, pretty normal actually.  I do agree that you should eat before taking the medication.  3 days in I made the mistake of taking the medication without eating and ended up vomiting.  Good luck!
I have smoked cigarettes off and on for over 40 years.  I started taking Chantix on September 28, 2008.  Haven 't had a cigarette since October 1.  I was hesitant about quitting as last time I gained 20 pounds.  This time I have had no weight gain, however I have been walking a couple of miles each day and using an exercise bike for about an hour each day.  I have experienced vivid dreams but nothing disturbing.  Have had no trouble falling asleep but I do get up during the night to urinate which is something new.  I even went to a casino and sat next to smokers with absolutely no urge to smoke.  I think Chantix is a life saver for me.
I have had insomnia since I recovered from an Adderall addiction, then used alcohol to self-medicate.  Not sleeping makes me frantic.  My psychiatrist prescribed Seroquel 150 mg, which I have been using for 3 years and it works perfectly.  Takes effect in less than an hour, during which I read quietly in bed, and I have no issues in the morning, nor have I experienced any hunger.  Like others have said, without it I do not sleep, so I have to make sure it is always available.  I have had no need or desire to increase the dose.
It took care of my hot flushes right when I needed it.It worked great for me
I once had a horrible experience in my life losing a friend but then I got over it but met another friend  BUT my mind was making me think I would lose my new friend, like my old friend who stopped being my friend without telling me. Anyways I found out I had OCD &amp; I started luvox. It did take a few extra weeks then expected but over the last month I 've began to really not worry &amp; have the compulsive consistent non stop worries! I 've definitely came a long way. Especially that my friend assured me if he would stop being my friend he would let me know
Its the first birth control I ever had. I never had problems. 4 day light periods on time. 
Had back surgeries and neck, after I fractured both.  Have titanium plates in my neck and cadaver bones in my lower back. Tried eveything. Naproxen, percocet, oxycontin, vicodin. Lortab is the only one that I can take that let 's  me get on with my life. Tho,  I do have to watch when I take it, mostly before I do anything strenuous, and  3 hours before bed. For day to day stuff it works the absolute best.
